#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 27.11 03:10 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 15079 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                    # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.craft.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Endest Pearl
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Pants
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT World Breaker
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Boots
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Planet Eater
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cluster
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Singularity
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.craft.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.item.BiblioTFCItems.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Fancy Lamp Base
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack1.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack3.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack4.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack5.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.craft.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.Brush.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brush
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BismuthBronze.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BlackBronze.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Brass.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Bronze.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Copper.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Gold.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Lead.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Platinum.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.RoseGold.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Silver.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.SterlingSilver.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sterling Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.WroughtIron.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Lantern Core
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.LiquidDye.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (White Dye)
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.Plaster.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Gypsum Plaster)
fe.protection.craft.DecorationsTFC.item.Powders.Gypsum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gypsum Powder
fe.protection.craft.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Ring
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Axe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Division Sigil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Etheric Sword
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glove
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Coil
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ERR
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Soul fragment
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Paintbrush
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Precision Shears
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saw
fe.protection.craft.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Casing
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Jerrycan
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Treated Stick
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Railgun
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Revolver
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shader
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.craft.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.mover.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond dolly
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Storage upgrade
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sticker
fe.protection.craft.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Brine Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Configuration Card
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Formula
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Paxel
fe.protection.craft.MerchantsTFC.item.AnvilDie.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.craft.MerchantsTFC.item.Coin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Coin
fe.protection.craft.MerchantsTFC.item.Flan.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Flan
fe.protection.craft.MerchantsTFC.item.Trussel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Trussel
fe.protection.craft.MerchantsTFC.item.WarehouseBook.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Warehouse Book
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.item.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.OpenPeripheral.generic.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Duck Antenna
fe.protection.craft.OpenPeripheral.glasses.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Terminal Glasses
fe.protection.craft.OpenPeripheral.keyboard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Keyboard
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.AerialFaithPlate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalAFPItem.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.EnderPearlDust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalDust.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.LongFallBoot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalLFB.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.LongFallBoots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalLFBs.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.MiniBlackHole.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalBlackHole.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalGunBlue.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalGunBlue.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalGunOrange.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalGunOrange.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalGunPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalAPG.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalGunSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalSpawner.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalMulti.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalCube.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalPotato.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalPotato.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.PortalTurret.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.PortalTurret.name
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.RecordRadioLoop.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.RecordStillAlive.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.PortalGun.RecordWantYouGone.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Data Card
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Draw Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Circuit Plate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*        # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Recipe Plan
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*             # (default: true) CRAFT IC Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT IC Chip
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*              # (default: true) CRAFT White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*             # (default: true) CRAFT White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*               # (default: true) CRAFT White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*          # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*               # (default: true) CRAFT White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*           # (default: true) CRAFT White Illumar Button
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT OR Gate
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*        # (default: true) CRAFT Router Utility
fe.protection.craft.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Responder chip
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.dust.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Can
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Cell
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bleached Clay
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Meter
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Label
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Cooked_Pumpkin.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin
fe.protection.craft.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Melon.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Raw_Pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Pumpkin
fe.protection.craft.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Melon.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT  Cover
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Filter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Retriever
fe.protection.craft.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Chiller
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Schematic
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Igniter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT FluiVac
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Satchel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.craft.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Boots
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Axe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Shears
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Sickle
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Shiny Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sword
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Private Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Remote
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT REP
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Receiver Dish
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT REther Pearl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bowl
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.craft.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.antiqueatlas.antiqueAtlas.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Antique Atlas #0
fe.protection.craft.antiqueatlas.emptyAntiqueAtlas.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Antique Atlas
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.backpack.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.bucketSlime.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardAxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Axe
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardBoots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Boots
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardHoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Hoe
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Leggings
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardSheet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Sheet
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardShovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Shovel
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.cardboardSword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cardboard Sword
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.drinkingHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Drinking Helmet
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Backpack
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.keyring.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Keyring
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.lock.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lock
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.masterKey.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Master Key
fe.protection.craft.betterstorage.presentBook.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT BetterChristmas 9001
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.listOfSupporters.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT List of Supporters
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.shipPlaque.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Plaque
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.supporterPlaque.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Supporter Plaque
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.token.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cuchaz Interactive Token
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.berth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Berth
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.magicBucket.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Bucket
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.magicShipLevitator.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Ship Levitator
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.paddle.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Paddle
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.shipClipboard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.cuchaz.ships.shipEraser.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ship Eraser
fe.protection.craft.customitems.coin.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:coin.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.cooked_mutton.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:cooked_mutton.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.fire_jumping_banana.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:fire_jumping_banana.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.god_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:god_sword.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.greeni_bucket.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:Greeni Bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.jet_brick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:jet_brick.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.nova_lava_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:Nova Lava Bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.nova_water_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:Nova_water Bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.prismarine_crystals.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:prismarine_crystals.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.prismarine_shard.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:prismarine_shard.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.raw_mutton.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:raw_mutton.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.serpentine_brick.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:serpentine_brick.name
fe.protection.craft.customitems.tower_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.customitems:tower Bucket.name
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.craft.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.craft.lwstfc.item.Bladder.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Bladder
fe.protection.craft.lwstfc.item.LeatherWaterSac.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Water Sac
fe.protection.craft.lwstfc.item.WaterSacLeather.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Water Sac Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT IO Bus
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesBeauty.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Beautyberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesBlack.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesBlue.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesElder.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesGoose.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesHarlequinMistletoe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Harlequin Mistletoe Berries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesHuckle.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesOrange.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orangeberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesSnow.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Snowberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.berriesStraw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberries
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentBlueStaghorn.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Staghorn Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentElegance.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Elegance Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentFeatheredHydroid.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Feathered Hydroid Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPillar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pillar Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPulsingXenia.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsing Xenia Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPurpleSeaWhip.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Sea Whip Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentRedSeaFan.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Sea Fan Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentSunPolyps.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sun Polyps Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.coralFragmentYellowBamboo.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bamboo Coral Fragment
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStarItem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Star Flower
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerBroomSnakeweed.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Broom Snakeweed Flower
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerCattail.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cattail Spike
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerOcotillo.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ocotillo Flower
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerTorchGinger.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Torch Ginger Flower
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflaxItem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Toadflax Flower
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryBlazer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Beautyberry Blazer
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryTurnover.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Beautyberry Turnover
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBeet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Root
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBeetSoup.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Soup
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBerrybowl.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Berry Bowl
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryDanish.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Danish
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryTumbler.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Tumbler
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBlueberryMuffin.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBlueberrySlushie.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Slushie
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodBroccoliSoup.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCassavaRoot.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cassava Root
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCelery.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Celery
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCentellaLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Centella Leaves
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCookedRice.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rice
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCookiePeanutButter.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Cookie
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCorn.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Corn
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCornBread.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Bread
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCornFlour.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Flour
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySorbet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberry Sorbet
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySpritzer.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberry Spritzer
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryCobbler.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryShake.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Shake
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodGreenBeans.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Green Beans
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodHarlequinFizz.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Harlequin Fizz
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryBubbler.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberry Bubbler
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryTart.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberry Tart
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodJelly.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jelly
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodLaksaLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Laksa Leaves
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodLeek.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Leek
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSeaweed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mozuku Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSoup.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mozuku Noodle Soup
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodOnion.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberrySquare.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orangeberry Square
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberryWhip.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orangeberry Whip
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodPeanutButter.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodPeanuts.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Peanuts
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearFruit.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Prickly Pear Fruit
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearTwister.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Prickly Pear Twister
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaCereal.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Quinoa Cereal
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quinoa Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodRice.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSacredLotusRoot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Lotus Root
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichBeef.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichChicken.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichFish.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichMutton.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mutton Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPBJ.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPork.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCooler.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Snowberry Cooler
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCustard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Snowberry Custard
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sorrel Leaves
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStirFry.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stir Fry
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStrawberryDelight.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Delight
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStrawberrySmoothie.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperOrange.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Orange Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperRed.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Red Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperYellow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Yellow Pepper
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodTaroRoot.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Taro Root
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodTomato.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodTomatoSoup.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Soup
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodWasabiQuencher.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wasabi Quencher
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodWasabiStem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wasabi Stem
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodWaterChestnut.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodWatercress.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Watercress
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.foodWildRice.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wild Rice
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.leafAloe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Aloe Leaf
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.leafWildMint.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wild Mint Leaf
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderAloe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Aloe Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderBerry.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Berry Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderCactus.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderConditioner.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Conditioner
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderCoral.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coral Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderDefoliant.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Defoliant
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderFern.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fern Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderFertilizer.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderLeaf.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leaf Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderMoss.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Moss Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderMushroom.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.powderMushroomPoison.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveFireResist.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Resistance Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveHealth.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveNightVision.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveStrength.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Strength Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveSwiftness.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Swiftness Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.salveWaterBreathing.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Water Breathing Salve
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedBeet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedCassava.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cassava Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedCelery.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedCorn.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedGreenBean.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedLeek.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedOnion.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sorrel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.seedTomato.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapBeef.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapChicken.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCorn.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCornBeef.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCornChicken.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCornFish.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCornPork.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapCornRice.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapFish.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapPork.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapRice.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Wrap
fe.protection.craft.plantmegapack.wrapSeaweed.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed Wrap
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Acacia_Door.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Agate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Agate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Amethyst.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Ash_Door.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Aspen_Door.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Aspen Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Axe_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Axe Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Banana.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Banana
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Bread.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Bread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Dough.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Grain.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Grain
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Ground.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Flour
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Whole.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Beef.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beef
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Beer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Beryl.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Beryl
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Birch_Door.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Greaves.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Tuyere.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Bismuth Bronze
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Sheet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Bismuth
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Tuyere.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Black Bronze
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe_Head.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Boots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chestplate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Greaves.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Helmet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Tuyere.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Black Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blackberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Boots.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Lava.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bucket (Lava)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Blue Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueberry.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueprint.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Sheet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Brass
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Boots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace_Head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick_Head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Tuyere.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Bronze
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Bunchberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bunchberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.BurlapCloth.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Burlap Cloth
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cabbage.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Calamari.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Calamari
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Carrot.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cheese.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cherry.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Chestnut_Door.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Chicken.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poultry
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Chisel_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Chisel Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cider.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cider
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Clay.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.ClayBowl.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Bowl
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cloudberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cloudberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Boots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife_Blade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace_Head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick_Head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw_Blade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe_Blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword_Blade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Tuyere.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Greaves.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Copper Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Copper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.CornWhiskey.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Whiskey
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Corn_Bread.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cornbread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Dough.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Ground.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Cranberry.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Diamond.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Diamond
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Douglas_Fir_Door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Egg_Cooked.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Egg
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Elderberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Emerald.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Emerald
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Fertilizer.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Fire_Brick.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Fire Brick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Firestarter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Starter
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Fish.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fish
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.FlatRock.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flat Granite
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Clay.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flat Clay
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Leather.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flat Leather
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.FruitSapling.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Apple Tree Sapling
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Garlic.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Garnet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Garnet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Glass_Bottle.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.GoldPan.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Pan
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Gold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Gooseberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Apple.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Green Apple
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Bell_Pepper.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Greenbeans.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Beans
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT High Carbon Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: High Carbon Black Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT High Carbon Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: High Carbon Blue Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT High Carbon Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: High Carbon Red Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT High Carbon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: High Carbon Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Hammer_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Hammer Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Hickory_Door.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hickory Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Hide.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Raw Hide
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Hoe_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Hoe Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.HorseMeat.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Horse Meat
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Ink.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Marking
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Iron_Bloom.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Iron Bloom
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.ItemStoneBrick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Granite Brick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Jade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Jade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Jasper.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Jasper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Javelin_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Javelin Head Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Jug.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Jug
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Jute
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute_Fibre.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jute Fiber
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Kapok_Door.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kapok Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Knife_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Knife Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Lead
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Lemon.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Log.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Log
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.LooseRock.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Granite Rock
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Mace_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Mace Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Maize_Ear.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Maize Ear
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Maple_Door.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Mold.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Mortar.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Mutton.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mutton
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nametag.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nametag
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Nickel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oak_Door.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Bread.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oat Bread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Dough.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oat Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Grain.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oat Grain
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Ground.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Oat Flour
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Whole.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oat
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Olive.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Olive
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Onion.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Opal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Opal
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Orange.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Ore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Copper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Peach.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pick_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Pick Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Pig Iron
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Pine_Door.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pine Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Platinum
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Plum.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plum
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Porkchop.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pork
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Potato.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Powder.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flux
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Prep_Hide.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Small Prepared Hide
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.ProPick_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clay ProPick Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Quern.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Handstone
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Quiver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Quiver
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Raspberry.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Raw_Iron_Bloom.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Iron Bloom
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Apple.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Apple
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Bell_Pepper.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Boots.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Water.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chestplate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Greaves.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Helmet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick_Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Tuyere.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Red Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Reeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Bread.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Bread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Dough.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Grain.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Grain
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Ground.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Flour
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Whole.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rope.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rope
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Rose Gold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Ruby.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Ruby
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rum.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rum
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.RyeWhiskey.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Bread.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Bread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Dough.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Grain.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Grain
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Ground.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Flour
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Whole.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rye
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sake.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sake
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Salad.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Salad
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sandwich.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sapphire.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Sapphire
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Saw_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Saw Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Scraped_Hide.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Small Scraped Hide
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Scythe_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Scythe Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sea_Weed.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sea Weed
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Barley.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Cabbage.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Carrot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Garlic.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Greenbean.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Jute.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jute Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Maize.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Maize Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Oat.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Oat Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Onion.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Potato.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Red_Bell_Pepper.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rice.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rye.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Soybean.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Squash.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Squash Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Sugarcane.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Tomato.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Wheat.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sequoia_Door.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sequoia Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sheep_Skin.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Small Sheepskin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Shovel_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Shovel Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.SilkCloth.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Silk Cloth
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Silver
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.SinglePlank.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Lumber
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.SluiceItem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sluice
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Ore.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Native Copper Nugget
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Vessel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Vessel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Snowberry.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Snowberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Soaked_Hide.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Soaked Hide
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Soybeans.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soybeans
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spindle
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle_Head.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Spindle
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Spruce_Door.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Squash.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Squash
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe_Head.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Boots.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe_Head.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife_Blade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick_Head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw_Blade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sheet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword_Blade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Tuyere.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Steel Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Ingot.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sterling Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Sheet.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sterling Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sterling Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sterling Silver Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Unshaped.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Sterling Silver
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife_Blade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Straw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Straw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Strawberry.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugar.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugarcane.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sugarcane
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sword_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Sword Mold
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Sycamore_Door.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sycamore Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.TFC_Leather.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Ingot.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Sheet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Unshaped.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Tin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tomato.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Topaz.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Topaz
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Tourmaline.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chipped Tourmaline
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Unknown
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Venison.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Venison
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Vinegar.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vinegar
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Vodka.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vodka
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Weak Blue Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Weak Red Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Weak Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Bread.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Bread
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Dough.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Dough
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Grain.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Grain
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Ground.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Flour
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Whole.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Whiskey.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Whiskey
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Cedar_Door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT White Cedar Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Elm_Door.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Elm Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Willow_Door.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Willow Door
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wintergreen_Berry.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wintergreen Berries
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Empty.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Milk.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Milk)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Water.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wool.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wool
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolCloth.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Cloth
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolYarn.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Yarn
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chisel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chisel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Hammer
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Hoe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Javelin
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Javelin Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Knife
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Mace
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Mace Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick_Head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick_Head.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw_Blade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe_Blade.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Scythe Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword_Blade.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Tuyere.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Tuyere
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Boots.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Chestplate.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Greaves.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Helmet.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Unfinished Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Wrought Iron
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Double Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Double Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Sheet
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unshaped: Zinc
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.arrow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.bootsCloth.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.bow.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.chestplateCloth.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.coal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.dyePowder.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.egg.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.fishingRod.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.flintAndSteel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.helmetCloth.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.leggingsCloth.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.shears.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.terrafirmacraft.item.stick.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.tfcautomatedbellows.WroughtIronRoundShield.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Round Shield
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSaw.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSawHead.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSaw.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSawHead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSaw.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSawHead.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSaw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSawHead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BronzeIceSaw.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.BronzeIceSawHead.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.CellarDoorItem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cellar Door
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.CopperIceSaw.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.CopperIceSawHead.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSaw.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSawHead.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.SteelIceSaw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.SteelIceSawHead.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSaw.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Ice Saw
fe.protection.craft.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSawHead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcengineer.item.InsulationCloth.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Insulation Cloth
fe.protection.craft.tfcengineer.item.Lunchbox.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lunchbox
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze_Head.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze_Head.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper_Head.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel_Head.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron_Head.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze_Head.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper_Head.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel_Head.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Bolt Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleFruitJuice.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleFruitWine.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Wine
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceApple.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceLemon.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Juice
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceOrange.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleLemonade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lemonade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleSoyMilk.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Milk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BottleSugar.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar in a Bottle
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BowLimb.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bow Limb
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BowlSuet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Suet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BowlTallow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Tallow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BrownDye.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Dye
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.BucketHotWater.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bucket (Hot Water)
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.CaseinGlue.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Casein Glue
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.CasingBrass.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Casing
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.CasingIron.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Casing
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.CasingRoseGold.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Gold Casing
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Copper.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Steel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chain Sheet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BismuthBronze.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackBronze.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackSteel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlueSteel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Bronze.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Copper.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_RedSteel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Steel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_WroughtIron.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chain Square
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Circuit.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crude Circuit
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Coil_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Coil
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Greaves.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.CrossBow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.DeerTendon.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tendon
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Gear.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Halberd
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Halberd Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.IronDust.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Link_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Link
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.LongBow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.PistonBase.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Piston Base
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper_Head.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Poniard
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Poniard Blade
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Quiver.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Quiver
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.SinewBowString.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sinew Bow String
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.SinewFiber.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sinew Fiber
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.SinewString.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sinew String
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.SoyPaste.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Paste
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Greaves.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Helmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.Suet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Suet
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.TallowDye.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dyed Tallow (Black)
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze_Head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bismuth Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel_Head.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Black Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel_Head.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper_Head.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron War Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron_Head.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron War Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chain Chausses
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wrought Iron Chain Coif
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.itemArrow_Mold.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Arrow Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.itemBolt_Mold.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Bolt Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.itemHalberd_Mold.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Halberd Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.itemPoniard_Mold.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Poniard Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcm.item.itemWarHammer_Mold.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Clay War Hammer Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Nitric_Acid.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Nitric Acid
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Sulfuric_Acid.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Water.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bottled Water
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Carbon_Rod.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Rod
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Battery.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Battery (Ceramic)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Bucket
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Hot_Water.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Bucket (Hot Springs)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Water.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ceramic Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.Cooked Limonite.Cooked Limonite Small.name
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite_Powder.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Limonite Powder
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Rod
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Nickel_Coated.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Silver_Coated.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Wire.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Wire
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Nickel_Flake.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.Nickel Flake.Nickel Flake.name
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Rod_Mold.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clay Rod Mold
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Silver_Flake.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.Silver Flake.Silver Flake.name
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Tucker Bag
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag_v2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Tucker Bag
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.Wrought_Iron_Buckle.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Buckle
fe.protection.craft.tfcudarymod.item.empty.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Item
fe.protection.craft.weightingscales.item.ScaleWeight.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scale Weight
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.bannerLarge.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Large Black Banner
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.bannerSmall.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Black Banner
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.block_fragment.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Block Fragment
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.club_hammer.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Club Hammer
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.entity_vita.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Unidentified Vita
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.flagLarge.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Large Black Flag
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.flagSmall.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Black Flag
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.flax_fiber.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Flax Fiber
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.flax_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Flax Seeds
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.grindstoneStone.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grindstone
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carving Chisel
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel_point.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Point Chisel
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.iron_saw.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saw
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.linseed_oil.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Linseed Oil
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.mallet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mallet
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.plank.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Plank
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.refined_plank.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Oak Plank
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.sandpaper.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sandpaper
fe.protection.craft.yegamolchattels.smooth_plank.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Smoothed Oak Plank
fe.protection.craft.zipline.ArrowRope.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow with Rope
fe.protection.craft.zipline.HandleBar.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT HandleBar
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                    # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.exist.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Endest Pearl
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Pants
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST World Breaker
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Boots
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Planet Eater
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cluster
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Singularity
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.exist.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.item.BiblioTFCItems.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold Fancy Lamp Base
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack1.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack3.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack4.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack5.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.exist.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.Brush.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Brush
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BismuthBronze.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BlackBronze.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Brass.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Brass Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Bronze.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Copper.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Gold.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Lead.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Lead Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Platinum.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.RoseGold.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Silver.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.SterlingSilver.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sterling Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.WroughtIron.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Lantern Core
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.LiquidDye.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (White Dye)
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.Plaster.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Gypsum Plaster)
fe.protection.exist.DecorationsTFC.item.Powders.Gypsum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gypsum Powder
fe.protection.exist.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Angel Ring
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Healing Axe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Division Sigil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Etheric Sword
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Glove
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heating Coil
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ERR
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Soul fragment
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Paintbrush
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Portable Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Precision Shears
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saw
fe.protection.exist.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Casing
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Jerrycan
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Treated Stick
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Railgun
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Revolver
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shader
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.exist.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.mover.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond dolly
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Storage upgrade
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sticker
fe.protection.exist.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Brine Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Configuration Card
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Formula
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gold Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wood Paxel
fe.protection.exist.MerchantsTFC.item.AnvilDie.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.exist.MerchantsTFC.item.Coin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Coin
fe.protection.exist.MerchantsTFC.item.Flan.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Flan
fe.protection.exist.MerchantsTFC.item.Trussel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Copper Trussel
fe.protection.exist.MerchantsTFC.item.WarehouseBook.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Warehouse Book
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.item.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.OpenPeripheral.generic.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Duck Antenna
fe.protection.exist.OpenPeripheral.glasses.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Terminal Glasses
fe.protection.exist.OpenPeripheral.keyboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Keyboard
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.AerialFaithPlate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalAFPItem.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.EnderPearlDust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalDust.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.LongFallBoot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalLFB.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.LongFallBoots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalLFBs.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.MiniBlackHole.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalBlackHole.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalGunBlue.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalGunBlue.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalGunOrange.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalGunOrange.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalGunPedestal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalAPG.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalGunSpawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalSpawner.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalMulti.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalCube.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalPotato.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalPotato.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.PortalTurret.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.PortalTurret.name
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.RecordRadioLoop.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.RecordStillAlive.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.PortalGun.RecordWantYouGone.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Data Card
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Draw Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Circuit Plate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*        # (default: true) EXIST Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*         # (default: true) EXIST Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Recipe Plan
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*             # (default: true) EXIST IC Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                  # (default: true) EXIST IC Chip
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*              # (default: true) EXIST White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*          # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*             # (default: true) EXIST White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*         # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*               # (default: true) EXIST White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*           # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*          # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*               # (default: true) EXIST White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*           # (default: true) EXIST Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*           # (default: true) EXIST White Illumar Button
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST OR Gate
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*             # (default: true) EXIST Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*              # (default: true) EXIST Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*        # (default: true) EXIST Router Utility
fe.protection.exist.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*       # (default: true) EXIST Item Responder chip
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.dust.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Can
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Cell
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bleached Clay
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Electric Meter
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Signal Label
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Cooked_Pumpkin.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin
fe.protection.exist.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Melon.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Raw_Pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Pumpkin
fe.protection.exist.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Melon.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST  Cover
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Filter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Relay
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Retriever
fe.protection.exist.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux Chiller
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Schematic
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flux Igniter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST FluiVac
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Creative Satchel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                            # (default: true) EXIST BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.exist.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Boots
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Invar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invar Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Axe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood Shears
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood Sickle
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Shiny Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sword
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Private Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Remote
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST REP
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Receiver Dish
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST REther Pearl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bowl
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.exist.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.antiqueatlas.antiqueAtlas.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Antique Atlas #0
fe.protection.exist.antiqueatlas.emptyAntiqueAtlas.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Antique Atlas
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.backpack.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Backpack
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.bucketSlime.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardAxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Axe
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardBoots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Boots
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardHoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Hoe
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Leggings
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardSheet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Sheet
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardShovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Shovel
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.cardboardSword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cardboard Sword
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.drinkingHelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Drinking Helmet
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ender Backpack
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.keyring.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Keyring
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.lock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lock
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.masterKey.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Master Key
fe.protection.exist.betterstorage.presentBook.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST BetterChristmas 9001
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.listOfSupporters.*                          # (default: true) EXIST List of Supporters
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.shipPlaque.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ship Plaque
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.supporterPlaque.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Supporter Plaque
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.token.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cuchaz Interactive Token
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.berth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Berth
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.magicBucket.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magic Bucket
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.magicShipLevitator.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Magic Ship Levitator
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.paddle.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Paddle
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.shipClipboard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ship Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.cuchaz.ships.shipEraser.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ship Eraser
fe.protection.exist.customitems.coin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:coin.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.cooked_mutton.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:cooked_mutton.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.fire_jumping_banana.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:fire_jumping_banana.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.god_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:god_sword.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.greeni_bucket.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:Greeni Bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.jet_brick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:jet_brick.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.nova_lava_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:Nova Lava Bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.nova_water_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:Nova_water Bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.prismarine_crystals.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:prismarine_crystals.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.prismarine_shard.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:prismarine_shard.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.raw_mutton.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:raw_mutton.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.serpentine_brick.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:serpentine_brick.name
fe.protection.exist.customitems.tower_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.customitems:tower Bucket.name
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.exist.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.exist.lwstfc.item.Bladder.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Bladder
fe.protection.exist.lwstfc.item.LeatherWaterSac.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Leather Water Sac
fe.protection.exist.lwstfc.item.WaterSacLeather.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Water Sac Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST IO Bus
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesBeauty.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Beautyberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesBlack.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blackberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesBlue.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesElder.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Elderberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesGoose.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesHarlequinMistletoe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Harlequin Mistletoe Berries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesHuckle.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesOrange.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orangeberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesSnow.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Snowberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.berriesStraw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberries
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentBlueStaghorn.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Staghorn Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentElegance.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Elegance Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentFeatheredHydroid.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Feathered Hydroid Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPillar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pillar Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPulsingXenia.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pulsing Xenia Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPurpleSeaWhip.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Purple Sea Whip Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentRedSeaFan.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Sea Fan Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentSunPolyps.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sun Polyps Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.coralFragmentYellowBamboo.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bamboo Coral Fragment
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStarItem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Star Flower
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerBroomSnakeweed.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Broom Snakeweed Flower
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerCattail.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cattail Spike
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerOcotillo.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ocotillo Flower
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerTorchGinger.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Torch Ginger Flower
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflaxItem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Toadflax Flower
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryBlazer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Beautyberry Blazer
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryTurnover.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Beautyberry Turnover
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBeet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beet Root
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBeetSoup.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beet Soup
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBerrybowl.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Berry Bowl
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryDanish.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Danish
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryTumbler.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Tumbler
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBlueberryMuffin.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBlueberrySlushie.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Slushie
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodBroccoliSoup.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCassavaRoot.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cassava Root
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCelery.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Celery
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCentellaLeaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Centella Leaves
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCookedRice.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rice
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCookiePeanutButter.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Cookie
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCorn.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Corn
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCornBread.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Corn Bread
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCornFlour.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Corn Flour
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySorbet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elderberry Sorbet
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySpritzer.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Elderberry Spritzer
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryCobbler.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryShake.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Shake
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodGreenBeans.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Green Beans
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodHarlequinFizz.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Harlequin Fizz
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryBubbler.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberry Bubbler
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryTart.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberry Tart
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodJelly.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Jelly
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodLaksaLeaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Laksa Leaves
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodLeek.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Leek
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSeaweed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mozuku Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSoup.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mozuku Noodle Soup
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodOnion.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberrySquare.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orangeberry Square
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberryWhip.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Orangeberry Whip
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodPeanutButter.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodPeanuts.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Peanuts
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearFruit.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Prickly Pear Fruit
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearTwister.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Prickly Pear Twister
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaCereal.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Quinoa Cereal
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaSeeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Quinoa Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodRice.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSacredLotusRoot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Lotus Root
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichBeef.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Beef Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichChicken.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichFish.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichMutton.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mutton Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPBJ.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPork.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pork Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCooler.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Snowberry Cooler
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCustard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Snowberry Custard
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sorrel Leaves
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Spinach
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStirFry.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stir Fry
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStrawberryDelight.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Delight
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStrawberrySmoothie.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperOrange.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Orange Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperRed.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Red Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperYellow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Yellow Pepper
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodTaroRoot.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Taro Root
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodTomato.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodTomatoSoup.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Soup
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodWasabiQuencher.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wasabi Quencher
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodWasabiStem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wasabi Stem
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodWaterChestnut.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodWatercress.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Watercress
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.foodWildRice.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wild Rice
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.leafAloe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Aloe Leaf
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.leafWildMint.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wild Mint Leaf
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderAloe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Aloe Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderBerry.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Berry Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderCactus.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderConditioner.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Conditioner
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderCoral.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coral Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderDefoliant.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Defoliant
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderFern.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fern Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderFertilizer.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderLeaf.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leaf Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderMoss.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Moss Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderMushroom.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.powderMushroomPoison.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Poison Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveFireResist.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fire Resistance Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveHealth.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Healing Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveNightVision.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveStrength.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Strength Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveSwiftness.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Swiftness Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.salveWaterBreathing.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Water Breathing Salve
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedBeet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beet Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Orange Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedCassava.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cassava Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedCelery.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Celery Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedCorn.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Corn Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedGreenBean.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedLeek.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Leek Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedOnion.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sorrel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.seedTomato.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapBeef.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beef Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapChicken.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCorn.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCornBeef.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beef Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCornChicken.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCornFish.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fish Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCornPork.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pork Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapCornRice.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rice Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapFish.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fish Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapPork.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pork Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapRice.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Rice Wrap
fe.protection.exist.plantmegapack.wrapSeaweed.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed Wrap
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Acacia_Door.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Agate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Agate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Amethyst.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Ash_Door.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ash Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Aspen_Door.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Aspen Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Axe_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Axe Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Banana.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Banana
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Bread.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barley Bread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Dough.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barley Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Grain.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barley Grain
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Ground.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Barley Flour
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Whole.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Beef.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beef
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Beer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Beryl.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Beryl
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Birch_Door.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Greaves.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Tuyere.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*               # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*          # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*             # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*              # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Bismuth Bronze
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Sheet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Bismuth
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Tuyere.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*            # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*               # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Black Bronze
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe_Head.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Boots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chestplate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Greaves.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Helmet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Tuyere.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*             # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Black Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blackberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blackberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Boots.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Lava.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bucket (Lava)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Blue Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueberry.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueprint.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Brass Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Brass Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Brass Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Sheet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Brass Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Brass
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Boots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace_Head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick_Head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Tuyere.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Bronze
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Bunchberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bunchberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.BurlapCloth.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Burlap Cloth
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cabbage.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Calamari.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Calamari
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Carrot.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cheese.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cheese
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cherry.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Chestnut_Door.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Chicken.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Poultry
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Chisel_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Clay Chisel Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cider.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cider
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Clay.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.ClayBowl.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Bowl
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cloudberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cloudberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Boots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife_Blade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace_Head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick_Head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw_Blade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe_Blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword_Blade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Tuyere.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Greaves.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Copper Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Copper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.CornWhiskey.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Corn Whiskey
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Corn_Bread.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cornbread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Dough.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Ground.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Cranberry.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Diamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Diamond
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Douglas_Fir_Door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Egg_Cooked.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Egg
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Elderberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Elderberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Emerald.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Emerald
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Fertilizer.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Fire_Brick.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clay Fire Brick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Firestarter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fire Starter
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Fish.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fish
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.FlatRock.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flat Granite
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Clay.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flat Clay
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Leather.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flat Leather
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.FruitSapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Apple Tree Sapling
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Garlic.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Garnet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Garnet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Glass_Bottle.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Empty Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.GoldPan.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Gold Pan
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Gold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Gooseberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Apple.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Green Apple
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Bell_Pepper.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Greenbeans.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Beans
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST High Carbon Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: High Carbon Black Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) EXIST High Carbon Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: High Carbon Blue Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST High Carbon Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: High Carbon Red Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST High Carbon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: High Carbon Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Hammer_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Clay Hammer Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Hickory_Door.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hickory Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Hide.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Raw Hide
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Hoe_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Hoe Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.HorseMeat.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Horse Meat
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Ink.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Marking
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Iron_Bloom.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Refined Iron Bloom
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.ItemStoneBrick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Granite Brick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Jade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Jade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Jasper.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Jasper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Javelin_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clay Javelin Head Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Jug.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Clay Jug
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Jute
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute_Fibre.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jute Fiber
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Kapok_Door.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Kapok Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Knife_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clay Knife Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lead Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Lead
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Lemon.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lemon
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Log.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Oak Log
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.LooseRock.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Granite Rock
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Mace_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Mace Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Maize_Ear.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Maize Ear
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Maple_Door.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Maple Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Mold.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Clay Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Mortar.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mortar
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Mutton.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mutton
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nametag.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nametag
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Nickel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oak_Door.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Bread.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oat Bread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Dough.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oat Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Grain.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oat Grain
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Ground.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Oat Flour
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Whole.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oat
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Olive.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Olive
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Onion.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Opal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Opal
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Orange.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Copper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Peach.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pick_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clay Pick Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Pig Iron
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Pine_Door.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pine Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Platinum
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Plum.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plum
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Porkchop.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pork
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Potato.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Powder.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flux
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Prep_Hide.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Small Prepared Hide
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.ProPick_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clay ProPick Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Quern.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Handstone
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Quiver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Quiver
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Raspberry.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raspberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Raw_Iron_Bloom.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Iron Bloom
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Apple.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Apple
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Bell_Pepper.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Boots.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Water.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chestplate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Greaves.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Helmet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick_Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Tuyere.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Red Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Reeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Bread.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rice Bread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Dough.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rice Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Grain.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rice Grain
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Ground.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rice Flour
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Whole.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rope.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rope
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Rose Gold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Ruby.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Ruby
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rum.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rum
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.RyeWhiskey.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Bread.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rye Bread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Dough.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rye Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Grain.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rye Grain
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Ground.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rye Flour
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Whole.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rye
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sake.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sake
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Salad.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Salad
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sandwich.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sapphire.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Sapphire
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Saw_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clay Saw Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Scraped_Hide.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Small Scraped Hide
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Scythe_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Clay Scythe Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sea_Weed.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sea Weed
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Barley.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Cabbage.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Carrot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Garlic.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Greenbean.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Jute.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jute Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Maize.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Maize Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Oat.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Oat Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Onion.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Potato.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Potato Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Red_Bell_Pepper.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rice.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rice Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rye.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rye Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Soybean.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Squash.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Squash Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Sugarcane.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Tomato.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Wheat.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sequoia_Door.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sequoia Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sheep_Skin.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Small Sheepskin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Shovel_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Clay Shovel Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.SilkCloth.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Silk Cloth
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Silver
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.SinglePlank.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Lumber
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.SluiceItem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sluice
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Native Copper Nugget
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Vessel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clay Vessel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Snowberry.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Snowberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Soaked_Hide.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Soaked Hide
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Soybeans.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Soybeans
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spindle
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle_Head.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clay Spindle
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Spruce_Door.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Squash.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Squash
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe_Head.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Boots.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe_Head.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife_Blade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick_Head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw_Blade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sheet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword_Blade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Tuyere.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Steel Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Ingot.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sterling Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Sheet.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sterling Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Sterling Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Sterling Silver Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Unshaped.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Sterling Silver
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife_Blade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Straw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Straw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Strawberry.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugar.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugarcane.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sugarcane
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sword_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Clay Sword Mold
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Sycamore_Door.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sycamore Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.TFC_Leather.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Ingot.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Sheet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Unshaped.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Tin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tomato.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Topaz.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Topaz
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Tourmaline.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chipped Tourmaline
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Unknown
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Venison.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Venison
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Vinegar.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vinegar
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Vodka.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Vodka
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Weak Blue Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Weak Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Weak Red Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Weak Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Weak Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Bread.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Bread
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Dough.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Dough
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Grain.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Grain
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Ground.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Flour
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Whole.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Whiskey.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Whiskey
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Cedar_Door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST White Cedar Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Elm_Door.*                                # (default: true) EXIST White Elm Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Willow_Door.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Willow Door
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wintergreen_Berry.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wintergreen Berries
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Empty.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Milk.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Milk)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Water.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wool.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wool
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolCloth.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wool Cloth
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolYarn.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wool Yarn
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chisel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chisel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Hammer
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Hoe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Javelin
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Javelin Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Knife
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Mace
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Mace Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick_Head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick_Head.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw_Blade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe_Blade.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Scythe Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword_Blade.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Tuyere.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Tuyere
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Boots.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Chestplate.*            # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Greaves.*               # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Helmet.*                # (default: true) EXIST Unfinished Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Wrought Iron
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Double Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Double Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Sheet
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unshaped: Zinc
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.arrow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.bootsCloth.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.bow.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.chestplateCloth.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.coal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.dyePowder.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.egg.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.fishingRod.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.flintAndSteel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.helmetCloth.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.leggingsCloth.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.shears.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.terrafirmacraft.item.stick.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.tfcautomatedbellows.WroughtIronRoundShield.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Round Shield
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSaw.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSawHead.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSaw.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSawHead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSaw.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSawHead.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSaw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSawHead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BronzeIceSaw.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.BronzeIceSawHead.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.CellarDoorItem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cellar Door
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.CopperIceSaw.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.CopperIceSawHead.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSaw.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSawHead.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.SteelIceSaw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.SteelIceSawHead.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSaw.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Ice Saw
fe.protection.exist.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSawHead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcengineer.item.InsulationCloth.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Insulation Cloth
fe.protection.exist.tfcengineer.item.Lunchbox.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lunchbox
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze_Head.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze_Head.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper_Head.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel_Head.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron_Head.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze_Head.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper_Head.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel_Head.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Bolt Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleFruitJuice.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleFruitWine.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Wine
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceApple.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceLemon.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Juice
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceOrange.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleLemonade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lemonade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleSoyMilk.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Soy Milk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BottleSugar.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sugar in a Bottle
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BowLimb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bow Limb
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BowlSuet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Suet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BowlTallow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Tallow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BrownDye.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brown Dye
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.BucketHotWater.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bucket (Hot Water)
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.CaseinGlue.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Casein Glue
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.CasingBrass.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Brass Casing
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.CasingIron.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Casing
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.CasingRoseGold.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rose Gold Casing
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Copper.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Steel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chain Sheet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BismuthBronze.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackBronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackSteel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlueSteel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Bronze.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Copper.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_RedSteel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Steel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_WroughtIron.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chain Square
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Circuit.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crude Circuit
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Coil_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Coil
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Greaves.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.CrossBow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.DeerTendon.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tendon
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Gear.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Copper Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Halberd
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Halberd Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.IronDust.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_BismuthBronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_BlackBronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_BlackSteel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_BlueSteel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_Bronze.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_Copper.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Copper Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_RedSteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_Steel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Link_WroughtIron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Link
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.LongBow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Longbow
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.PistonBase.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Piston Base
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper_Head.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Copper Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Poniard
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Poniard Blade
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Quiver.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Quiver
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.SinewBowString.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sinew Bow String
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.SinewFiber.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sinew Fiber
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.SinewString.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sinew String
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.SoyPaste.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Paste
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Greaves.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Helmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.Suet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Suet
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.TallowDye.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dyed Tallow (Black)
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze_Head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bismuth Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel_Head.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Black Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel_Head.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper_Head.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron War Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron_Head.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron War Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chain Chausses
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wrought Iron Chain Coif
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.itemArrow_Mold.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Clay Arrow Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.itemBolt_Mold.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Clay Bolt Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.itemHalberd_Mold.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clay Halberd Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.itemPoniard_Mold.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clay Poniard Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcm.item.itemWarHammer_Mold.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Clay War Hammer Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Nitric_Acid.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Nitric Acid
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Sulfuric_Acid.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Water.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bottled Water
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Carbon_Rod.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Rod
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Battery.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Battery (Ceramic)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Bucket
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Hot_Water.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Bucket (Hot Springs)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Water.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Ceramic Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.Cooked Limonite.Cooked Limonite Small.name
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite_Powder.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Limonite Powder
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Copper Rod
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Nickel_Coated.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Silver_Coated.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Silver Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Wire.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Wire
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Nickel_Flake.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.Nickel Flake.Nickel Flake.name
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Rod_Mold.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Clay Rod Mold
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Silver_Flake.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.Silver Flake.Silver Flake.name
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Standard Tucker Bag
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag_v2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Tucker Bag
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.Wrought_Iron_Buckle.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Buckle
fe.protection.exist.tfcudarymod.item.empty.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Empty Item
fe.protection.exist.weightingscales.item.ScaleWeight.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scale Weight
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.bannerLarge.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Large Black Banner
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.bannerSmall.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Black Banner
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.block_fragment.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Block Fragment
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.club_hammer.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Club Hammer
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.entity_vita.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Unidentified Vita
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.flagLarge.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Large Black Flag
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.flagSmall.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Black Flag
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.flax_fiber.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Flax Fiber
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.flax_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Flax Seeds
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.grindstoneStone.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grindstone
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carving Chisel
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel_point.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Point Chisel
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.iron_saw.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saw
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.linseed_oil.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Linseed Oil
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.mallet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mallet
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.plank.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Oak Plank
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.refined_plank.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refined Oak Plank
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.sandpaper.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sandpaper
fe.protection.exist.yegamolchattels.smooth_plank.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Smoothed Oak Plank
fe.protection.exist.zipline.ArrowRope.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arrow with Rope
fe.protection.exist.zipline.HandleBar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST HandleBar
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Endest Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Pants
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY World Breaker
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Planet Eater
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Resource.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Singularity
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.inventory.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.item.BiblioTFCItems.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Fancy Lamp Base
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack1.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack3.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack4.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack5.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.Brush.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brush
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BismuthBronze.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BlackBronze.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Brass.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Bronze.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Copper.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Gold.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Lead.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Platinum.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.RoseGold.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Silver.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.SterlingSilver.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterling Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.WroughtIron.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Lantern Core
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.LiquidDye.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (White Dye)
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.Plaster.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Gypsum Plaster)
fe.protection.inventory.DecorationsTFC.item.Powders.Gypsum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gypsum Powder
fe.protection.inventory.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Division Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Etheric Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glove
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ERR
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul fragment
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Paintbrush
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Precision Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saw
fe.protection.inventory.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Casing
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Jerrycan
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Treated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Railgun
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Revolver
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shader
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.inventory.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.mover.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond dolly
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticker
fe.protection.inventory.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brine Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Configuration Card
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Formula
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.MerchantsTFC.item.AnvilDie.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.inventory.MerchantsTFC.item.Coin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Coin
fe.protection.inventory.MerchantsTFC.item.Flan.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Flan
fe.protection.inventory.MerchantsTFC.item.Trussel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Trussel
fe.protection.inventory.MerchantsTFC.item.WarehouseBook.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Warehouse Book
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.item.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.OpenPeripheral.generic.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Duck Antenna
fe.protection.inventory.OpenPeripheral.glasses.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Terminal Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.OpenPeripheral.keyboard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Keyboard
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.AerialFaithPlate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalAFPItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.EnderPearlDust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalDust.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.LongFallBoot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalLFB.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.LongFallBoots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalLFBs.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.MiniBlackHole.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalBlackHole.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalGunBlue.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalGunBlue.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalGunOrange.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalGunOrange.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalGunPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalAPG.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalGunSpawner.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalSpawner.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalMulti.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalCube.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalPotato.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalPotato.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.PortalTurret.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PortalTurret.name
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.RecordRadioLoop.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.RecordStillAlive.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.PortalGun.RecordWantYouGone.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Card
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Draw Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Circuit Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Recipe Plan
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY IC Chip
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY White Illumar Button
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY OR Gate
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY Router Utility
fe.protection.inventory.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Responder chip
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.dust.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.emblem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Can
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Cell
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.nugget.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bleached Clay
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Meter
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Label
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Cooked_Pumpkin.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin
fe.protection.inventory.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Melon.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Raw_Pumpkin.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Pumpkin
fe.protection.inventory.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Melon.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Pumpkin.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY  Cover
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Relay
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Retriever
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Chiller
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Igniter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY FluiVac
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Satchel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Shears
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Shiny Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sword
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Remote
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY REP
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Receiver Dish
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY REther Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.inventory.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.antiqueatlas.antiqueAtlas.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Antique Atlas #0
fe.protection.inventory.antiqueatlas.emptyAntiqueAtlas.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Antique Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.backpack.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.bucketSlime.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardAxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Axe
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardBoots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Boots
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardChestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardHelmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardHoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardLeggings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardPickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardSheet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardShovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.cardboardSword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cardboard Sword
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.drinkingHelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Drinking Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.keyring.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Keyring
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.lock.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.masterKey.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Key
fe.protection.inventory.betterstorage.presentBook.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY BetterChristmas 9001
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.listOfSupporters.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY List of Supporters
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.shipPlaque.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Plaque
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.supporterPlaque.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Supporter Plaque
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.token.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cuchaz Interactive Token
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.berth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Berth
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.magicBucket.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.magicShipLevitator.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Ship Levitator
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.paddle.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Paddle
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.shipClipboard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.cuchaz.ships.shipEraser.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ship Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.coin.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:coin.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.cooked_mutton.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:cooked_mutton.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.fire_jumping_banana.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:fire_jumping_banana.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.god_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:god_sword.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.greeni_bucket.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:Greeni Bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.jet_brick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:jet_brick.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.nova_lava_bucket.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:Nova Lava Bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.nova_water_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:Nova_water Bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.prismarine_crystals.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:prismarine_crystals.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.prismarine_shard.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:prismarine_shard.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.raw_mutton.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:raw_mutton.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.serpentine_brick.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:serpentine_brick.name
fe.protection.inventory.customitems.tower_bucket.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.customitems:tower Bucket.name
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.inventory.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.inventory.lwstfc.item.Bladder.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Bladder
fe.protection.inventory.lwstfc.item.LeatherWaterSac.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Water Sac
fe.protection.inventory.lwstfc.item.WaterSacLeather.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Sac Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY IO Bus
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesBeauty.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Beautyberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesBlack.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesBlue.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesElder.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesGoose.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesHarlequinMistletoe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Harlequin Mistletoe Berries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesHuckle.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesOrange.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orangeberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesSnow.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.berriesStraw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberries
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentBlueStaghorn.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Staghorn Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentElegance.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Elegance Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentFeatheredHydroid.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Feathered Hydroid Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPillar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pillar Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPulsingXenia.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsing Xenia Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPurpleSeaWhip.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Sea Whip Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentRedSeaFan.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Sea Fan Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentSunPolyps.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sun Polyps Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.coralFragmentYellowBamboo.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bamboo Coral Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStarItem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Star Flower
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerBroomSnakeweed.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Broom Snakeweed Flower
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerCattail.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cattail Spike
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerOcotillo.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ocotillo Flower
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerTorchGinger.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Torch Ginger Flower
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflaxItem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Toadflax Flower
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryBlazer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Beautyberry Blazer
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryTurnover.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Beautyberry Turnover
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBeet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Root
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBeetSoup.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Soup
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperOrange.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperRed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperYellow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBerrybowl.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryDanish.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Danish
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryTumbler.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Tumbler
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBlueberryMuffin.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBlueberrySlushie.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Slushie
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBroccoli.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodBroccoliSoup.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCassavaRoot.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassava Root
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCelery.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCentellaLeaves.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Centella Leaves
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCookedRice.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rice
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCookiePeanutButter.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCorn.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCornBread.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Bread
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCornFlour.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Flour
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodCucumber.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodEggplant.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySorbet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberry Sorbet
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySpritzer.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberry Spritzer
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryCobbler.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryShake.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Shake
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodGreenBeans.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Beans
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodHarlequinFizz.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Harlequin Fizz
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryBubbler.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberry Bubbler
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryTart.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberry Tart
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodJelly.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodLaksaLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Laksa Leaves
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodLeek.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodLettuce.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSeaweed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mozuku Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSoup.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mozuku Noodle Soup
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodOnion.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberrySquare.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orangeberry Square
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberryWhip.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orangeberry Whip
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodPeanutButter.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodPeanuts.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanuts
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearFruit.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Prickly Pear Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearTwister.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Prickly Pear Twister
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaCereal.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Quinoa Cereal
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaSeeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quinoa Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodRice.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSacredLotusRoot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Lotus Root
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichBeef.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichChicken.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichFish.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichMutton.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutton Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPBJ.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPork.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCooler.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowberry Cooler
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCustard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowberry Custard
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSorrel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sorrel Leaves
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodSpinach.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStirFry.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stir Fry
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStrawberryDelight.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Delight
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStrawberrySmoothie.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperOrange.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Orange Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperRed.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Red Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperYellow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Yellow Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodTaroRoot.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Taro Root
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodTomato.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodTomatoSoup.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodWasabiQuencher.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wasabi Quencher
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodWasabiStem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wasabi Stem
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodWaterChestnut.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodWatercress.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Watercress
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.foodWildRice.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wild Rice
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.leafAloe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Aloe Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.leafWildMint.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wild Mint Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderAloe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Aloe Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderBerry.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderCactus.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderConditioner.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Conditioner
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderCoral.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coral Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderDefoliant.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Defoliant
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderFern.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fern Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderFertilizer.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderLeaf.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leaf Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderMoss.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Moss Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderMushroom.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.powderMushroomPoison.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveFireResist.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Resistance Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveHealth.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveNightVision.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveStrength.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Strength Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveSwiftness.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Swiftness Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.salveWaterBreathing.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Breathing Salve
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedBeet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperOrange.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperRed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperYellow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedBroccoli.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedCassava.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassava Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedCelery.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedCorn.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedCucumber.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedEggplant.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedGreenBean.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedLeek.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedLettuce.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedOnion.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedSorrel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sorrel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedSpinach.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.seedTomato.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapBeef.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapChicken.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCorn.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCornBeef.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCornChicken.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCornFish.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCornPork.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapCornRice.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapFish.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapPork.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapRice.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.plantmegapack.wrapSeaweed.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Acacia_Door.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Agate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Agate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Amethyst.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Ash_Door.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Aspen_Door.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Aspen Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Axe_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Axe Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Banana.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Bread.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Bread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Dough.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Grain.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Grain
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Ground.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Flour
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Whole.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Beef.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Beer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Beryl.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Beryl
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Birch_Door.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Greaves.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sheet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Tuyere.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unshaped.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Bismuth Bronze
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Sheet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Unshaped.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Bismuth
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Greaves.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Tuyere.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unshaped.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Black Bronze
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe_Head.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Boots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chestplate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Greaves.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Helmet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Tuyere.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Black Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blackberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Boots.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Lava.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bucket (Lava)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chestplate.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Greaves.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Helmet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace_Head.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick_Head.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Tuyere.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Blue Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueberry.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueprint.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Brass
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Boots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Bronze
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Bunchberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bunchberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.BurlapCloth.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Burlap Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cabbage.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Calamari.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Carrot.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cheese.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cherry.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Chestnut_Door.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Chicken.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poultry
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Chisel_Mold.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Chisel Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cider.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cider
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Clay.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.ClayBowl.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cloudberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloudberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Boots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Copper Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Copper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.CornWhiskey.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Whiskey
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Corn_Bread.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornbread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Dough.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Ground.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Cranberry.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Diamond.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Douglas_Fir_Door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Egg_Cooked.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Egg
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Elderberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Emerald.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Fertilizer.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Fire_Brick.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Fire Brick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Firestarter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Starter
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Fish.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.FlatRock.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flat Granite
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Clay.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flat Clay
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Leather.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flat Leather
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.FruitSapling.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Apple Tree Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Garlic.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Garnet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Garnet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Glass_Bottle.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.GoldPan.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Pan
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Gold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Gooseberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Apple.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Apple
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Bell_Pepper.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Greenbeans.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Beans
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY High Carbon Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: High Carbon Black Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY High Carbon Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: High Carbon Blue Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY High Carbon Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: High Carbon Red Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY High Carbon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: High Carbon Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Hammer_Mold.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Hammer Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Hickory_Door.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hickory Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Hide.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Raw Hide
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Hoe_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Hoe Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.HorseMeat.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Horse Meat
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Ink.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Marking
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Iron_Bloom.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Iron Bloom
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.ItemStoneBrick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Granite Brick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Jade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Jade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Jasper.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Jasper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Javelin_Mold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Javelin Head Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Jug.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Jug
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Jute
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute_Fibre.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jute Fiber
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Kapok_Door.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kapok Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Knife_Mold.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Knife Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Lead
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Lemon.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Log.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Log
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.LooseRock.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Granite Rock
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Mace_Mold.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Mace Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Maize_Ear.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Maize Ear
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Maple_Door.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Mold.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Mortar.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Mutton.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nametag.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nametag
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Nickel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oak_Door.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Bread.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat Bread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Dough.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Grain.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat Grain
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Ground.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat Flour
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Whole.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Olive.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Onion.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Opal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Opal
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Orange.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Ore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Copper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Peach.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pick_Mold.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Pick Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Pig Iron
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Pine_Door.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pine Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Platinum
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Plum.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Porkchop.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Potato.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Powder.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Prep_Hide.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Prepared Hide
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.ProPick_Mold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay ProPick Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Quern.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Handstone
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Quiver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Raspberry.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Raw_Iron_Bloom.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Iron Bloom
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Apple.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Apple
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Bell_Pepper.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Boots.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Salt_Water.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Water.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chestplate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Greaves.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Helmet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick_Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Tuyere.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Red Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Reeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Bread.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Bread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Dough.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Grain.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Grain
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Ground.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Flour
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Whole.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rope.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Ingot.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Sheet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Rose Gold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Ruby.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Ruby
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rum.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rum
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.RyeWhiskey.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Bread.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Bread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Dough.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Grain.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Grain
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Ground.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Flour
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Whole.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sake.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sake
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Salad.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Salad
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sandwich.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sapphire.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Sapphire
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Saw_Mold.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Saw Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Scraped_Hide.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Scraped Hide
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Scythe_Mold.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Scythe Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sea_Weed.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sea Weed
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Barley.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Cabbage.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Carrot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Garlic.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Greenbean.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Jute.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jute Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Maize.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Maize Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Oat.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Oat Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Onion.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Potato.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Red_Bell_Pepper.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rice.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rye.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Soybean.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Squash.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Squash Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Sugarcane.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Tomato.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Wheat.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sequoia_Door.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sequoia Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sheep_Skin.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Sheepskin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Shovel_Mold.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Shovel Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.SilkCloth.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Silk Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Silver
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.SinglePlank.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Lumber
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.SluiceItem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sluice
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Ore.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Copper Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Vessel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Vessel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Snowberry.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Soaked_Hide.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Soaked Hide
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Soybeans.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybeans
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spindle
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle_Head.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Spindle
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Spruce_Door.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Squash.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Squash
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Boots.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chestplate.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Greaves.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Helmet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife_Blade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick_Head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw_Blade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword_Blade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Tuyere.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Steel Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Ingot.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterling Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Sheet.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterling Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterling Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sterling Silver Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Unshaped.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Sterling Silver
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife_Blade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Straw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Strawberry.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugar.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugarcane.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugarcane
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sword_Mold.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Sword Mold
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Sycamore_Door.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sycamore Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.TFC_Leather.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Sheet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Tin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tomato.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Topaz.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Topaz
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Tourmaline.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chipped Tourmaline
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Unshaped.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Venison.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Vinegar.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinegar
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Vodka.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vodka
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Weak Blue Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Weak Red Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Unshaped.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Weak Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Bread.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Bread
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Dough.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Dough
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Grain.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Grain
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Ground.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Flour
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Whole.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Whiskey.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Whiskey
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Cedar_Door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY White Cedar Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Elm_Door.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Elm Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Willow_Door.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Willow Door
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wintergreen_Berry.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wintergreen Berries
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Empty.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Milk.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Milk)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Water.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wool.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolCloth.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolYarn.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Yarn
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chisel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Greaves.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe_Head.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Hoe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin_Head.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Javelin Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Knife
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Mace
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Mace Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick_Head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick_Head.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw_Blade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe_Blade.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Scythe Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel_Head.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword_Blade.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Tuyere.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Tuyere
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Boots.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Chestplate.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Greaves.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Helmet.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Unfinished Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unshaped.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Wrought Iron
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Double Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Double Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unshaped: Zinc
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.arrow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.bootsCloth.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.bow.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.chestplateCloth.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.coal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.dyePowder.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.egg.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.fishingRod.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.flintAndSteel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.helmetCloth.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.leggingsCloth.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.shears.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.terrafirmacraft.item.stick.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.tfcautomatedbellows.WroughtIronRoundShield.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Round Shield
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSaw.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSawHead.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSaw.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSawHead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSaw.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSawHead.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSaw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSawHead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BronzeIceSaw.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.BronzeIceSawHead.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.CellarDoorItem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cellar Door
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.CopperIceSaw.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.CopperIceSawHead.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSaw.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSawHead.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.SteelIceSaw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.SteelIceSawHead.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSaw.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Ice Saw
fe.protection.inventory.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSawHead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcengineer.item.InsulationCloth.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Insulation Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.tfcengineer.item.Lunchbox.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lunchbox
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel_Head.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper_Head.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron_Head.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze_Head.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel_Head.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze_Head.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper_Head.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Bolt Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleFruitJuice.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleFruitWine.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Wine
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceApple.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceLemon.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceOrange.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleLemonade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemonade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleSoyMilk.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Milk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BottleSugar.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar in a Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BowLimb.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow Limb
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BowlSuet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Suet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BowlTallow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Tallow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BrownDye.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Dye
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.BucketHotWater.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bucket (Hot Water)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.CaseinGlue.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Casein Glue
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.CasingBrass.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Casing
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.CasingIron.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Casing
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.CasingRoseGold.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Gold Casing
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BismuthBronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackBronze.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackSteel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlueSteel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Bronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Copper.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_RedSteel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Steel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_WroughtIron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chain Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BismuthBronze.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackBronze.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackSteel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlueSteel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Bronze.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Copper.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_RedSteel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Steel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_WroughtIron.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chain Square
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Circuit.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crude Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_BismuthBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_BlueSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_Bronze.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_Copper.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_RedSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_Steel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Coil_WroughtIron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Coil
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Chestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Greaves.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.CrossBow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.DeerTendon.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tendon
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Gear.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel_Head.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel_Head.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Halberd Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.IronDust.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_BismuthBronze.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_BlackBronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_BlackSteel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_BlueSteel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_Bronze.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_Copper.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_RedSteel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_Steel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Link_WroughtIron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Link
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.LongBow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.PistonBase.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Piston Base
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel_Head.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel_Head.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper_Head.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Poniard
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Poniard Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Quiver.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.SinewBowString.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinew Bow String
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.SinewFiber.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinew Fiber
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.SinewString.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sinew String
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.SoyPaste.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Paste
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.Suet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Suet
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.TallowDye.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dyed Tallow (Black)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze_Head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bismuth Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel_Head.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel_Head.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper_Head.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel_Head.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel_Head.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron War Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron_Head.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron War Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chain Chausses
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrought Iron Chain Coif
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.itemArrow_Mold.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Arrow Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.itemBolt_Mold.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Bolt Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.itemHalberd_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Halberd Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.itemPoniard_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Poniard Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcm.item.itemWarHammer_Mold.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay War Hammer Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Nitric_Acid.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Nitric Acid
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Sulfuric_Acid.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Water.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottled Water
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Carbon_Rod.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Battery.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery (Ceramic)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Hot_Water.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Bucket (Hot Springs)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Water.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceramic Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.Cooked Limonite.Cooked Limonite Small.name
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite_Powder.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Limonite Powder
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Nickel_Coated.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Silver_Coated.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Wire.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Wire
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Nickel_Flake.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.Nickel Flake.Nickel Flake.name
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Rod_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay Rod Mold
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Silver_Flake.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.Silver Flake.Silver Flake.name
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Tucker Bag
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag_v2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Tucker Bag
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.Wrought_Iron_Buckle.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Buckle
fe.protection.inventory.tfcudarymod.item.empty.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Item
fe.protection.inventory.weightingscales.item.ScaleWeight.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scale Weight
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.bannerLarge.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Black Banner
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.bannerSmall.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Black Banner
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.block_fragment.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.club_hammer.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Club Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.entity_vita.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Unidentified Vita
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.flagLarge.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Black Flag
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.flagSmall.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Black Flag
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.flax_fiber.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax Fiber
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.flax_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.grindstoneStone.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grindstone
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carving Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel_point.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Point Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.iron_saw.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saw
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.linseed_oil.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Linseed Oil
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.mallet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mallet
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.plank.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Plank
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.refined_plank.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Oak Plank
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.sandpaper.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandpaper
fe.protection.inventory.yegamolchattels.smooth_plank.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Smoothed Oak Plank
fe.protection.inventory.zipline.ArrowRope.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow with Rope
fe.protection.inventory.zipline.HandleBar.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY HandleBar
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                             # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                      # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.Aroma1997Core.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Aromic Hammer
fe.protection.use.Aroma1997Core.wrenched.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.aroma1997core:wrenched.name
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Cosmic_Meatballs.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cosmic Meatballs
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Endest_Pearl.*                                                # (default: true) USE Endest Pearl
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Axe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nature's Ruin
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Bow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Longbow of the Heavens
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Chest.*                                              # (default: true) USE Infinity Breastplate
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Helm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Infinity Helmet
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Pants.*                                              # (default: true) USE Infinity Pants
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE World Breaker
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Shoes.*                                              # (default: true) USE Infinity Boots
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Shovel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Planet Eater
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Infinity_Sword.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sword of the Cosmos
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Matter_Cluster.*                                              # (default: true) USE Matter Cluster
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Resource.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Lattice
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Singularity.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Singularity
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Skull_Sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Skullfire Sword
fe.protection.use.Avaritia.Ultimate_Stew.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ultimate Stew
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasBook.*                                           # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.AtlasPlate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioChase.*                                         # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioClipboard.*                                     # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioCreativeLock.*                                  # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioDrill.*                                         # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioGlasses.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioMapTool.*                                       # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioRedBook.*                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BiblioWayPointCompass.*                               # (default: true) USE Waypoint Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.BigBook.*                                             # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.DeathCompass.*                                        # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.EnchantedPlate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingBoard.*                                        # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSaw.*                                          # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.FramingSheet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.HandDrill.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PaintingCanvas.*                                      # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PlumbLine.*                                           # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.PrintPlate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.RecipeBook.*                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.SlottedBook.*                                         # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.StockroomCatalog.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.TesterItem.*                                          # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack2.*                                           # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack3.*                                           # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack4.*                                           # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.seatBack5.*                                           # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tape.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.BiblioCraft.item.tapeMeasure.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.item.BiblioTFCItems.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gold Fancy Lamp Base
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack1.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack2.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack3.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack4.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BiblioWoodsTFC.seatBack5.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ash Seat Back
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRDebugTool.*                                              # (default: true) USE BeefTronicâ„¢ Diagnostics Tool
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.BRIngot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketCyanite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fluid Cyanite Bucket
fe.protection.use.BigReactors.bucketYellorium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fluid Yellorium Bucket
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersBed.*                                   # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersChisel.*                                # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Chisel
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersDoor.*                                  # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersHammer.*                                # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Hammer
fe.protection.use.CarpentersBlocks.itemCarpentersTile.*                                  # (default: true) USE Carpenter's Tile
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.Brush.*                                            # (default: true) USE Brush
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BismuthBronze.*                        # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.BlackBronze.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Brass.*                                # (default: true) USE Brass Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Bronze.*                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Copper.*                               # (default: true) USE Copper Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Gold.*                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Lead.*                                 # (default: true) USE Lead Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Platinum.*                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.RoseGold.*                             # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.Silver.*                               # (default: true) USE Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.SterlingSilver.*                       # (default: true) USE Sterling Silver Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LanternCore.WroughtIron.*                          # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Lantern Core
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.LiquidDye.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (White Dye)
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.Plaster.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Gypsum Plaster)
fe.protection.use.DecorationsTFC.item.Powders.Gypsum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gypsum Powder
fe.protection.use.EnderStorage.enderPouch.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.EnderTech.endertech.exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) USE Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.angelRing.*                                             # (default: true) USE Angel Ring
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.bedrockiumIngot.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bedrockium Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.builderswand.*                                          # (default: true) USE Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.creativebuilderswand.*                                  # (default: true) USE Super Builder's Wand
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.defoliageAxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Healing Axe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.destructionpickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Destruction Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.divisionSigil.*                                         # (default: true) USE Division Sigil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.erosionShovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Erosion Shovel
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.ethericsword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Etheric Sword
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.glove.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Glove
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_bag.*                                            # (default: true) USE Golden Bag of Holding
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.golden_lasso.*                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.heatingElement.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heating Coil
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.lawSword.*                                              # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.microblocks.*                                           # (default: true) USE ERR
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.mini-soul.*                                             # (default: true) USE Soul fragment
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.nodeUpgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.paintbrush.*                                            # (default: true) USE Paintbrush
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.scanner.*                                               # (default: true) USE Portable Scanner
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.shears.*                                                # (default: true) USE Precision Shears
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.sonar_goggles.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sonar Goggles
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.temporalHoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Reversing Hoe
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.unstableingot.*                                         # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.ExtraUtilities.watering_can.*                                          # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.microblock.*                                           # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawIron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.sawStone.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stone Saw
fe.protection.use.ForgeMicroblock.stoneRod.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.blueprint.*                                       # (default: true) USE Engineer's Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.bullet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Casing
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.chemthrower.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chemical Thrower
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.coil.*                                            # (default: true) USE LV Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drill.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.drillhead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Drill Head
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeIcon.birthday.name
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.fluidContainers.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bottle of Creosote Oil
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.graphiteElectrode.*                               # (default: true) USE Graphite Electrode
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.jerrycan.*                                        # (default: true) USE Jerrycan
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.material.*                                        # (default: true) USE Treated Stick
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.metal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.mold.*                                            # (default: true) USE Metal Press Mold: Plate
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.railgun.*                                         # (default: true) USE Railgun
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.revolver.*                                        # (default: true) USE Revolver
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.seed.*                                            # (default: true) USE Industrial Hemp Seeds
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shader.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shader
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.shaderBag.*                                       # (default: true) USE Common Shader Grabbag
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.skyhook.*                                         # (default: true) USE Engineer's Skyhook
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.tool.*                                            # (default: true) USE Engineer's Hammer
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolbox.*                                         # (default: true) USE Engineer's Toolbox
fe.protection.use.ImmersiveEngineering.toolupgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pressurized Air Tank
fe.protection.use.JABBA.hammer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Barrel Hammer
fe.protection.use.JABBA.mover.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.moverDiamond.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond dolly
fe.protection.use.JABBA.tuningFork.*                                                     # (default: true) USE B-Space tuning fork
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeCore.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Storage upgrade
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeSide.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sticker
fe.protection.use.JABBA.upgradeStructural.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.upgrade.structural.1.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ArmoredJetpack.*                                              # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicAlloy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.AtomicDisassembler.*                                          # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Balloon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Â§8Black Balloon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BioFuel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.BrineBucket.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Brine Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Clump.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedCarbon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedDiamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedObsidian.*                                          # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CompressedRedstone.*                                          # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ConfigurationCard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Configuration Card
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Configurator.*                                                # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ControlCircuit.*                                              # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.CraftingFormula.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crafting Formula
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dictionary.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.DirtyDust.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Dust.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectricBow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ElectrolyticCore.*                                            # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyTablet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnergyUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedAlloy.*                                               # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.EnrichedIron.*                                                # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FactoryInstaller.*                                            # (default: true) USE Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FilterUpgrade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Flamethrower.*                                                # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.FreeRunners.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasMask.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GasUpgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GaugeDropper.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.GlowPanel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Â§8Black Glow Panel
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.HeavyWaterBucket.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ItemProxy.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Jetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.LithiumBucket.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lithium Bucket
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.MufflingUpgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.NetworkReader.*                                               # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.OtherDust.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PartTransmitter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Universal Cable
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Polyethene.*                                                  # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.PortableTeleporter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ReinforcedAlloy.*                                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Robit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Salt.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Sawdust.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.ScubaTank.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SeismicReader.*                                               # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Shard.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.SpeedUpgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.Substrate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.TeleportationCore.*                                           # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.Mekanism.WalkieTalkie.*                                                # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.Hohlraum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.SolarPanel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.MekanismGenerators.TurbineBlade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeAxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeBoots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeHoe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePaxel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzePickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeShovel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.BronzeSword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.DiamondPaxel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneAxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneBoots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneHoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePaxel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstonePickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneShovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GlowstoneSword.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.GoldPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gold Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.IronPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliAxe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliBoots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliChestplate.*                                  # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHelmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliHoe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliLeggings.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPaxel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliPickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliShovel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.LapisLazuliSword.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianAxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianBoots.*                                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianChestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianHoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianLeggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPaxel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianPickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianShovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.ObsidianSword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumAxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Osmium Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumBoots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Osmium Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumChestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHelmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumHoe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumLeggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPaxel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumPickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumShovel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.OsmiumSword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Osmium Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelAxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelChestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHelmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelHoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelLeggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPaxel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelPickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelShovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.SteelSword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.StonePaxel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stone Paxel
fe.protection.use.MekanismTools.WoodPaxel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wood Paxel
fe.protection.use.MerchantsTFC.item.AnvilDie.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.use.MerchantsTFC.item.Coin.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bismuth Coin
fe.protection.use.MerchantsTFC.item.Flan.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bismuth Flan
fe.protection.use.MerchantsTFC.item.Trussel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Copper Trussel
fe.protection.use.MerchantsTFC.item.WarehouseBook.*                                      # (default: true) USE Warehouse Book
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cartographer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneBackpack.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.craneControl.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.crayonGlasses.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.cursor.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.devnull.*                                                   # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.emptyMap.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.epicEraser.*                                                # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.filledbucket.*                                              # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.generic.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.genericUnstackable.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.goldenEye.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.hangglider.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.heightMap.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.infoBook.*                                                  # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.luggage.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.paintBrush.*                                                # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pedometer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.pencilGlasses.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.seriousGlasses.*                                            # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sleepingBag.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.slimalyzer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.sonicglasses.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.spongeonastick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.squeegee.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.stencil.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.tastyClay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.technicolorGlasses.*                                        # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenBlocks.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.eeprom.*                                                 # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.hoverBoots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.item.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.OpenComputers.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.OpenPeripheral.generic.*                                               # (default: true) USE Duck Antenna
fe.protection.use.OpenPeripheral.glasses.*                                               # (default: true) USE Terminal Glasses
fe.protection.use.OpenPeripheral.keyboard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wireless Keyboard
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.AerialFaithPlate.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.PortalAFPItem.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.EnderPearlDust.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.PortalDust.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.LongFallBoot.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.PortalLFB.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.LongFallBoots.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.PortalLFBs.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.MiniBlackHole.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.PortalBlackHole.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalGunBlue.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.PortalGunBlue.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalGunOrange.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.PortalGunOrange.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalGunPedestal.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.PortalAPG.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalGunSpawner.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.PortalSpawner.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalMulti.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.PortalCube.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalPotato.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.PortalPotato.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.PortalTurret.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.PortalTurret.name
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.RecordRadioLoop.*                                            # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.RecordStillAlive.*                                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.PortalGun.RecordWantYouGone.*                                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.datacard.*                                # (default: true) USE Data Card
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.drawplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Draw Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.part.*                                    # (default: true) USE Circuit Plate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.screwdriver.*                             # (default: true) USE Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Core.projectred.core.wiredebugger.*                            # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.battery.*                       # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.electric_screwdriver.*          # (default: true) USE Electric Screwdriver
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.emptybattery.*                  # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*           # (default: true) USE Infused Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.jetpack.*                       # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.plan.*                          # (default: true) USE Recipe Plan
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.solar_panel.*                   # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icblueprint.*               # (default: true) USE IC Blueprint
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.fabrication.icchip.*                    # (default: true) USE IC Chip
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.*                # (default: true) USE White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp.inv.*            # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fallout Light
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.*               # (default: true) USE White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.cagelamp2.inv.*           # (default: true) USE Inverted White Cage Lamp
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.*                 # (default: true) USE White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.fixture.inv.*             # (default: true) USE Inverted White Fixture
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.flightbutton.*            # (default: true) USE White Illumar Feedback Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.*                 # (default: true) USE White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lantern.inv.*             # (default: true) USE Inverted White Lantern
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lightbutton.*             # (default: true) USE White Illumar Button
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Integration.projectred.integration.gate.*                      # (default: true) USE OR Gate
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.framewire.*               # (default: true) USE Framed Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transmission.projectred.transmission.wire.*                    # (default: true) USE Red Alloy Wire
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.pipe.*                # (default: true) USE Item Transport pipe
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routerutil.*          # (default: true) USE Router Utility
fe.protection.use.ProjRed|Transportation.projectred.transportation.routingchip.*         # (default: true) USE Item Responder chip
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.goggles.*                                              # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.armor.overalls.*                                             # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.diamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.iron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.borehead.steel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.bore.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.cargo.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.gift.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.creative.*                                         # (default: true) USE Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.electric.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.loco.steam.solid.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.pumpkin.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.redstone.flux.*                                         # (default: true) USE Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.layer.*                                           # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.relayer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.track.remover.*                                         # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.undercutter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.cart.work.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.dust.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.emblem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cracked.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.cut.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.raw.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.firestone.refined.*                                          # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bottle.*                                      # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.bucket.*                                      # (default: true) USE Creosote Bucket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.can.*                                         # (default: true) USE Creosote Can
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.cell.*                                        # (default: true) USE Creosote Cell
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.refactory.*                                   # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.wax.*                                         # (default: true) USE Creosote Capsule
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fluid.steam.bottle.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.fuel.coke.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.bleached.clay.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bleached Clay
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.circuit.*                                               # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.gear.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold-Plate Gear
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rail.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.railbed.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.rebar.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.signal.lamp.*                                           # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.tie.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.blade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.disk.*                                          # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.part.turbine.rotor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.table.*                                              # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.*                                             # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.routing.ticket.gold.*                                        # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.crowbar.reinforced.*                                    # (default: true) USE Reinforced Crowbar
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.electric.meter.*                                        # (default: true) USE Electric Meter
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.magnifying.glass.*                                      # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.label.*                                          # (default: true) USE Signal Label
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.signal.tuner.*                                          # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.surveyor.*                                              # (default: true) USE Signal Block Surveyor
fe.protection.use.Railcraft.tool.whistle.tuner.*                                         # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Cooked_Pumpkin.*                               # (default: true) USE Pumpkin
fe.protection.use.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Melon.*                                        # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Raw_Pumpkin.*                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Pumpkin
fe.protection.use.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Melon.*                                  # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.TerraFirmaPumpkins.item.Seeds_Pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.cover.*                                                # (default: true) USE  Cover
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.filter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Filter
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.relay.*                                                # (default: true) USE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.retriever.*                                            # (default: true) USE Retriever
fe.protection.use.ThermalDynamics.servo.*                                                # (default: true) USE Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.augment.*                                             # (default: true) USE Augment: Integrated Servo Mechanism
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.capacitor.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.chiller.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux Chiller
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.diagram.*                                             # (default: true) USE Schematic
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.florb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Florb (EmptyÂ§r)
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.igniter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flux Igniter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.material.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Servo
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.meter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.pump.*                                                # (default: true) USE FluiVac
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.satchel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Creative Satchel
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.tool.battleWrenchInvar.*                              # (default: true) USE BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.transfuser.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flux Transfuser
fe.protection.use.ThermalExpansion.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsCopper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsElectrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsInvar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsLead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsNickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ferrous Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsPlatinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Shiny Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsSilver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.bootsTin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Boots
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetBronze.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetCopper.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetElectrum.*                               # (default: true) USE Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetInvar.*                                  # (default: true) USE Invar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetLead.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetNickel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ferrous Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetPlatinum.*                               # (default: true) USE Shiny Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetSilver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silver Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.helmetTin.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tin Helmet
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsBronze.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsCopper.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsInvar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Invar Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsLead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsNickel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ferrous Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsPlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Shiny Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsSilver.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silver Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.legsTin.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Leggings
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateCopper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateElectrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateInvar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateLead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateNickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ferrous Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.platePlatinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Shiny Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateSilver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.armor.plateTin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.bucket.*                                             # (default: true) USE Destabilized Redstone Bucket
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.lexicon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.material.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeBronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeCopper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeInvar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeLead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeNickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ferrous Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axePlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shiny Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeSilver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.axeTin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Axe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowBronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowCopper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowDiamond.*                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowGold.*                                       # (default: true) USE Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowInvar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowIron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowLead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowNickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ferrous Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowPlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shiny Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowSilver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowStone.*                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.bowTin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodBronze.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodCopper.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodDiamond.*                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodElectrum.*                            # (default: true) USE Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodGold.*                                # (default: true) USE Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodInvar.*                               # (default: true) USE Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodIron.*                                # (default: true) USE Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodLead.*                                # (default: true) USE Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodNickel.*                              # (default: true) USE Ferrous Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodPlatinum.*                            # (default: true) USE Shiny Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodSilver.*                              # (default: true) USE Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodStone.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.fishingRodTin.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeBronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeCopper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeElectrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeInvar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeLead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeNickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ferrous Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoePlatinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shiny Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeSilver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.hoeTin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Hoe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeBronze.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeCopper.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeElectrum.*                               # (default: true) USE Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeInvar.*                                  # (default: true) USE Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeLead.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeNickel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ferrous Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxePlatinum.*                               # (default: true) USE Shiny Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeSilver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.pickaxeTin.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsCopper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsElectrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsGold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsInvar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsLead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsNickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsPlatinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Shiny Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsSilver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsStone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsTin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shearsWood.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wood Shears
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelCopper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelElectrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelInvar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelLead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelNickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ferrous Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelPlatinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Shiny Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelSilver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.shovelTin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Shovel
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleCopper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleDiamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleElectrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleGold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleInvar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleIron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleLead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleNickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sicklePlatinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Shiny Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleSilver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleStone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleTin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.sickleWood.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wood Sickle
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordBronze.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordCopper.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordElectrum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Electrum Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordInvar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Invar Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordLead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordNickel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ferrous Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordPlatinum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Shiny Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordSilver.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.ThermalFoundation.tool.swordTin.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Sword
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.empty_map.*                                              # (default: true) USE Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.map.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.psniffer.*                                               # (default: true) USE Private Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.remote.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Remote
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.rep.*                                                    # (default: true) USE REP
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.sniffer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.tracker.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Addons.triangulator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeRecieverDish.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blaze Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.blazeTransceiver.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blaze Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.obsidianStick.*                                            # (default: true) USE Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.recieverDish.*                                             # (default: true) USE Receiver Dish
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.retherPearl.*                                              # (default: true) USE REther Pearl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.stoneBowl.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stone Bowl
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Core.wirelessTransceiver.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wireless Transceiver
fe.protection.use.WR-CBE|Logic.wirelessLogic.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.antiqueatlas.antiqueAtlas.*                                            # (default: true) USE Antique Atlas #0
fe.protection.use.antiqueatlas.emptyAntiqueAtlas.*                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Antique Atlas
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.backpack.*                                               # (default: true) USE Backpack
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.bucketSlime.*                                            # (default: true) USE Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardAxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cardboard Axe
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardBoots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cardboard Boots
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardChestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cardboard Chestplate
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardHelmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cardboard Helmet
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardHoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cardboard Hoe
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardLeggings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cardboard Leggings
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardPickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cardboard Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardSheet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cardboard Sheet
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardShovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cardboard Shovel
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.cardboardSword.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cardboard Sword
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.drinkingHelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Drinking Helmet
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ender Backpack
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.keyring.*                                                # (default: true) USE Keyring
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.lock.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Lock
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.masterKey.*                                              # (default: true) USE Master Key
fe.protection.use.betterstorage.presentBook.*                                            # (default: true) USE BetterChristmas 9001
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.listOfSupporters.*                            # (default: true) USE List of Supporters
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.shipPlaque.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ship Plaque
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.supporterPlaque.*                             # (default: true) USE Supporter Plaque
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.cuchazinteractive.token.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cuchaz Interactive Token
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.berth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Berth
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.magicBucket.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magic Bucket
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.magicShipLevitator.*                                      # (default: true) USE Magic Ship Levitator
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.paddle.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Paddle
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.shipClipboard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ship Clipboard
fe.protection.use.cuchaz.ships.shipEraser.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ship Eraser
fe.protection.use.customitems.coin.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.customitems:coin.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.cooked_mutton.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.customitems:cooked_mutton.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.fire_jumping_banana.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.customitems:fire_jumping_banana.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.god_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.customitems:god_sword.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.greeni_bucket.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.customitems:Greeni Bucket.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.jet_brick.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.customitems:jet_brick.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.nova_lava_bucket.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.customitems:Nova Lava Bucket.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.nova_water_bucket.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.customitems:Nova_water Bucket.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.prismarine_crystals.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.customitems:prismarine_crystals.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.prismarine_shard.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.customitems:prismarine_shard.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.raw_mutton.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.customitems:raw_mutton.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.serpentine_brick.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.customitems:serpentine_brick.name
fe.protection.use.customitems.tower_bucket.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.customitems:tower Bucket.name
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.capacitorBox.*                                    # (default: true) USE LV Capacitor in a Box
fe.protection.use.immersiveintegration.iiWireCoil.*                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone Wire Coil
fe.protection.use.lwstfc.item.Bladder.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sheep Bladder
fe.protection.use.lwstfc.item.LeatherWaterSac.*                                          # (default: true) USE Leather Water Sac
fe.protection.use.lwstfc.item.WaterSacLeather.*                                          # (default: true) USE Water Sac Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                               # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                              # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                     # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                             # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                            # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                             # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                           # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                               # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                     # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                               # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                              # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                               # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.accuraccyUpgradeItem.*                              # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFive.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierFour.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierOne.*                                     # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierThree.*                                   # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.barrelTierTwo.*                                     # (default: true) USE Barrel (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.blazingClayCraftable.*                              # (default: true) USE Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletCraftable.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ammo - Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.bulletThrowable.*                                   # (default: true) USE Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.chamberTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chamber (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.concealerAddon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.damageAmpAddon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Addon - Damage Boost
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.efficiencyUpgradeItem.*                             # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Efficiency
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ferroSlug.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ammo - Ferro-Magnetic Slug
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.fireRateUpgradeItem.*                               # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Fire Rate
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeCraftable.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ammo - Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.grenadeThrowable.*                                  # (default: true) USE Throwable Grenade
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ioBus.*                                             # (default: true) USE IO Bus
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rangeUpgradeItem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Range
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.recyclerAddon.*                                     # (default: true) USE Addon - Recycler
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.redstoneReactorAddon.*                              # (default: true) USE Addon - Redstone Reactor
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.rocketCraftable.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ammo - Rocket
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.scattershotUpgradeItem.*                            # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Scattershot
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFiveItem.*                                # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 5)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierFourItem.*                                # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 4)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierOneItem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierThreeItem.*                               # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.sensorTierTwoItem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.serialPortAddon.*                                   # (default: true) USE Addon - Serial Port
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.solarPanelAddon.*                                   # (default: true) USE Addon - Solar Generator
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesBeauty.*                                          # (default: true) USE Beautyberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesBlack.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blackberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesBlue.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesElder.*                                           # (default: true) USE Elderberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesGoose.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gooseberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesHarlequinMistletoe.*                              # (default: true) USE Harlequin Mistletoe Berries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesHuckle.*                                          # (default: true) USE Huckleberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesOrange.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orangeberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesSnow.*                                            # (default: true) USE Snowberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.berriesStraw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberries
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentBlueStaghorn.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Staghorn Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentElegance.*                                  # (default: true) USE Elegance Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentFeatheredHydroid.*                          # (default: true) USE Feathered Hydroid Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPillar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pillar Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPulsingXenia.*                              # (default: true) USE Pulsing Xenia Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentPurpleSeaWhip.*                             # (default: true) USE Purple Sea Whip Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentRedSeaFan.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Sea Fan Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentSunPolyps.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sun Polyps Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.coralFragmentYellowBamboo.*                              # (default: true) USE Yellow Bamboo Coral Fragment
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStarItem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Star Flower
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerBroomSnakeweed.*                                   # (default: true) USE Broom Snakeweed Flower
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerCattail.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cattail Spike
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerOcotillo.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ocotillo Flower
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerTorchGinger.*                                      # (default: true) USE Torch Ginger Flower
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflaxItem.*                               # (default: true) USE Yellow Toadflax Flower
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryBlazer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Beautyberry Blazer
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBeautyberryTurnover.*                                # (default: true) USE Beautyberry Turnover
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBeet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beet Root
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBeetSoup.*                                           # (default: true) USE Beet Soup
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperOrange.*                                   # (default: true) USE Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperRed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBellPepperYellow.*                                   # (default: true) USE Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBerrybowl.*                                          # (default: true) USE Berry Bowl
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryDanish.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry Danish
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBlackberryTumbler.*                                  # (default: true) USE Blackberry Tumbler
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBlueberryMuffin.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBlueberrySlushie.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blueberry Slushie
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBroccoli.*                                           # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodBroccoliSoup.*                                       # (default: true) USE Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCassavaRoot.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cassava Root
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCelery.*                                             # (default: true) USE Celery
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCentellaLeaves.*                                     # (default: true) USE Centella Leaves
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCookedRice.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Rice
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCookiePeanutButter.*                                 # (default: true) USE Peanut Cookie
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCorn.*                                               # (default: true) USE Corn
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCornBread.*                                          # (default: true) USE Corn Bread
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCornFlour.*                                          # (default: true) USE Corn Flour
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodCucumber.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cucumber
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodEggplant.*                                           # (default: true) USE Eggplant
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySorbet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Elderberry Sorbet
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodElderberrySpritzer.*                                 # (default: true) USE Elderberry Spritzer
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryCobbler.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Cobbler
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodGooseberryShake.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Shake
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodGreenBeans.*                                         # (default: true) USE Green Beans
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodHarlequinFizz.*                                      # (default: true) USE Harlequin Fizz
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryBubbler.*                                 # (default: true) USE Huckleberry Bubbler
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodHuckleberryTart.*                                    # (default: true) USE Huckleberry Tart
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodJelly.*                                              # (default: true) USE Jelly
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodLaksaLeaves.*                                        # (default: true) USE Laksa Leaves
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodLeek.*                                               # (default: true) USE Leek
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodLettuce.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lettuce
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSeaweed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mozuku Seaweed
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodMozukuSoup.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mozuku Noodle Soup
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodOnion.*                                              # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberrySquare.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orangeberry Square
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodOrangeberryWhip.*                                    # (default: true) USE Orangeberry Whip
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodPeanutButter.*                                       # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodPeanuts.*                                            # (default: true) USE Peanuts
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearFruit.*                                   # (default: true) USE Prickly Pear Fruit
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodPricklyPearTwister.*                                 # (default: true) USE Prickly Pear Twister
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaCereal.*                                       # (default: true) USE Quinoa Cereal
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodQuinoaSeeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Quinoa Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodRice.*                                               # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSacredLotusRoot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sacred Lotus Root
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichBeef.*                                       # (default: true) USE Beef Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichChicken.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichFish.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichMutton.*                                     # (default: true) USE Mutton Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPBJ.*                                        # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSandwichPork.*                                       # (default: true) USE Pork Sandwich
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCooler.*                                    # (default: true) USE Snowberry Cooler
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSnowberryCustard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Snowberry Custard
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSorrel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sorrel Leaves
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodSpinach.*                                            # (default: true) USE Spinach
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStirFry.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stir Fry
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStrawberryDelight.*                                  # (default: true) USE Strawberry Delight
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStrawberrySmoothie.*                                 # (default: true) USE Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperOrange.*                                # (default: true) USE Stuffed Orange Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperRed.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stuffed Red Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodStuffedPepperYellow.*                                # (default: true) USE Stuffed Yellow Pepper
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodTaroRoot.*                                           # (default: true) USE Taro Root
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodTomato.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodTomatoSoup.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tomato Soup
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodWasabiQuencher.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wasabi Quencher
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodWasabiStem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wasabi Stem
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodWaterChestnut.*                                      # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodWatercress.*                                         # (default: true) USE Watercress
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.foodWildRice.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wild Rice
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.leafAloe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Aloe Leaf
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.leafWildMint.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wild Mint Leaf
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderAloe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Aloe Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderBerry.*                                            # (default: true) USE Berry Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderCactus.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cactus Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderConditioner.*                                      # (default: true) USE Conditioner
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderCoral.*                                            # (default: true) USE Coral Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderDefoliant.*                                        # (default: true) USE Defoliant
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderFern.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fern Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderFertilizer.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderLeaf.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leaf Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderMoss.*                                             # (default: true) USE Moss Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderMushroom.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.powderMushroomPoison.*                                   # (default: true) USE Poison Mushroom Powder
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveFireResist.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fire Resistance Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveHealth.*                                            # (default: true) USE Healing Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveNightVision.*                                       # (default: true) USE Night Vision Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveStrength.*                                          # (default: true) USE Strength Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveSwiftness.*                                         # (default: true) USE Swiftness Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.salveWaterBreathing.*                                    # (default: true) USE Water Breathing Salve
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedBeet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beet Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperOrange.*                                   # (default: true) USE Orange Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperRed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedBellPepperYellow.*                                   # (default: true) USE Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedBroccoli.*                                           # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedCassava.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cassava Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedCelery.*                                             # (default: true) USE Celery Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedCorn.*                                               # (default: true) USE Corn Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedCucumber.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cucumber Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedEggplant.*                                           # (default: true) USE Eggplant Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedGreenBean.*                                          # (default: true) USE Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedLeek.*                                               # (default: true) USE Leek Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedLettuce.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lettuce Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedOnion.*                                              # (default: true) USE Onion Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedSorrel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sorrel Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedSpinach.*                                            # (default: true) USE Spinach Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.seedTomato.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapBeef.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beef Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapChicken.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chicken Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCorn.*                                               # (default: true) USE Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCornBeef.*                                           # (default: true) USE Beef Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCornChicken.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chicken Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCornFish.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fish Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCornPork.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pork Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapCornRice.*                                           # (default: true) USE Rice Corn Flour Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapFish.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fish Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapPork.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pork Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapRice.*                                               # (default: true) USE Rice Wrap
fe.protection.use.plantmegapack.wrapSeaweed.*                                            # (default: true) USE Seaweed Wrap
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Acacia_Door.*                                     # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Agate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chipped Agate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Amethyst.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chipped Amethyst
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Ash_Door.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ash Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Aspen_Door.*                                      # (default: true) USE Aspen Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Axe_Mold.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Axe Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Banana.*                                          # (default: true) USE Banana
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Bread.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barley Bread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Dough.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barley Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Grain.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barley Grain
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Ground.*                                   # (default: true) USE Barley Flour
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Barley_Whole.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Beef.*                                            # (default: true) USE Beef
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Beer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Beer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Beryl.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chipped Beryl
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Birch_Door.*                                      # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe.*                              # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                     # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                     # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Greaves.*                          # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe.*                              # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin.*                          # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                     # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace.*                             # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick.*                             # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick.*                          # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                     # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw.*                              # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                     # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Tuyere.*                           # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                 # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*            # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*               # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bismuth Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Bronze_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Bismuth Bronze
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Double_Sheet.*                            # (default: true) USE Bismuth Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bismuth Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Sheet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bismuth Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bismuth_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Bismuth
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Bronze_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Black Bronze
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Black Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Axe_Head.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Boots.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chestplate.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Greaves.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Helmet.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Black Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Steel Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Steel Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Steel Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Mace_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Pick_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw.*                                 # (default: true) USE Black Steel Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                           # (default: true) USE Black Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Black Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Steel Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Tuyere.*                              # (default: true) USE Black Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                    # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*               # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                  # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                   # (default: true) USE Unfinished Black Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                            # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Black Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blackberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blackberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Axe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Boots.*                                # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Lava.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bucket (Lava)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chestplate.*                           # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Greaves.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Helmet.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife.*                                # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Mace_Head.*                            # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Pick_Head.*                            # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw.*                                  # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                            # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                         # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword.*                                # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Tuyere.*                               # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                     # (default: true) USE Unfinished Blue Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                # (default: true) USE Unfinished Blue Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                   # (default: true) USE Unfinished Blue Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                    # (default: true) USE Unfinished Blue Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Blue Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueberry.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Blueprint.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE Brass Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Double_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) USE Brass Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Ingot.*                                     # (default: true) USE Brass Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Sheet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Brass Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Brass_Unshaped.*                                  # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Brass
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Axe_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Boots.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Chisel_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hammer_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Hoe_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Javelin_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Knife_Blade.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Mace_Head.*                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Pick_Head.*                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_ProPick_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Saw_Blade.*                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Scythe_Blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Shovel_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Sword_Blade.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Tuyere.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Greaves.*                       # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bronze Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unfinished_Helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE Unfinished Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bronze_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Bronze
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Bunchberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bunchberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.BurlapCloth.*                                     # (default: true) USE Burlap Cloth
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cabbage.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cabbage
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Calamari.*                                        # (default: true) USE Calamari
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Carrot.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cheese.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cheese
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cherry.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Chestnut_Door.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chestnut Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Chicken.*                                         # (default: true) USE Poultry
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Chisel_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) USE Clay Chisel Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cider.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cider
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Clay.*                                            # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.ClayBowl.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Bowl
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cloudberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cloudberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Axe_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Boots.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Chisel_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hammer_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Hoe_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Javelin_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Knife_Blade.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Mace_Head.*                                # (default: true) USE Copper Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Pick_Head.*                                # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_ProPick_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Saw_Blade.*                                # (default: true) USE Copper Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Scythe_Blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Shovel_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Sword_Blade.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Tuyere.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Unfinished Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE Unfinished Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Greaves.*                       # (default: true) USE Unfinished Copper Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unfinished_Helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE Unfinished Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Copper_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Copper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.CornWhiskey.*                                     # (default: true) USE Corn Whiskey
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Corn_Bread.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cornbread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Dough.*                                  # (default: true) USE Cornmeal Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cornmeal_Ground.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cornmeal
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Cranberry.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Diamond.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chipped Diamond
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Douglas_Fir_Door.*                                # (default: true) USE Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Egg_Cooked.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Egg
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Elderberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Elderberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Emerald.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chipped Emerald
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Fertilizer.*                                      # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Fire_Brick.*                                      # (default: true) USE Clay Fire Brick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Firestarter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Fire Starter
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Fish.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fish
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.FlatRock.*                                        # (default: true) USE Flat Granite
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Clay.*                                       # (default: true) USE Flat Clay
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Flat_Leather.*                                    # (default: true) USE Flat Leather
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.FruitSapling.*                                    # (default: true) USE Red Apple Tree Sapling
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Garlic.*                                          # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Garnet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chipped Garnet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Glass_Bottle.*                                    # (default: true) USE Empty Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.GoldPan.*                                         # (default: true) USE Gold Pan
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Double_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) USE Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Ingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Sheet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gold Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gold_Unshaped.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Gold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Gooseberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gooseberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Apple.*                                     # (default: true) USE Green Apple
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Green_Bell_Pepper.*                               # (default: true) USE Green Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Greenbeans.*                                      # (default: true) USE Green Beans
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) USE High Carbon Black Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Black_Steel_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) USE Unshaped: High Carbon Black Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) USE High Carbon Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                          # (default: true) USE Unshaped: High Carbon Blue Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE High Carbon Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) USE Unshaped: High Carbon Red Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) USE High Carbon Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HC_Steel_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) USE Unshaped: High Carbon Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Hammer_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) USE Clay Hammer Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Hickory_Door.*                                    # (default: true) USE Hickory Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Hide.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Raw Hide
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Hoe_Mold.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Hoe Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.HorseMeat.*                                       # (default: true) USE Horse Meat
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Axe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgEx_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Axe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                         # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.IgIn_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Ink.*                                             # (default: true) USE Marking
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Iron_Bloom.*                                      # (default: true) USE Refined Iron Bloom
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.ItemStoneBrick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Granite Brick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Jade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chipped Jade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Jasper.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chipped Jasper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Javelin_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clay Javelin Head Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Jug.*                                             # (default: true) USE Clay Jug
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute.*                                            # (default: true) USE Jute
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Jute_Fibre.*                                      # (default: true) USE Jute Fiber
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Kapok_Door.*                                      # (default: true) USE Kapok Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Knife_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) USE Clay Knife Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Lead Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Double_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) USE Lead Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Ingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lead Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Sheet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lead Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lead_Unshaped.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Lead
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Lemon.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lemon
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Log.*                                             # (default: true) USE Oak Log
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.LooseRock.*                                       # (default: true) USE Granite Rock
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Axe_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.MM_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Mace_Mold.*                                       # (default: true) USE Clay Mace Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Maize_Ear.*                                       # (default: true) USE Maize Ear
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Maple_Door.*                                      # (default: true) USE Maple Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Mold.*                                            # (default: true) USE Clay Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Mortar.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mortar
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Mutton.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mutton
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nametag.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nametag
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nickel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nickel Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Nickel_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Nickel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oak_Door.*                                        # (default: true) USE Oak Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Bread.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oat Bread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Dough.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oat Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Grain.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oat Grain
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Ground.*                                      # (default: true) USE Oat Flour
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Oat_Whole.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oat
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Olive.*                                           # (default: true) USE Olive
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Onion.*                                           # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Opal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chipped Opal
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Orange.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Ore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Copper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Peach.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pick_Mold.*                                       # (default: true) USE Clay Pick Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pig_Iron_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Pig Iron
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Pine_Door.*                                       # (default: true) USE Pine Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Double_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Ingot.*                                  # (default: true) USE Platinum Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Sheet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Platinum Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Platinum_Unshaped.*                               # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Platinum
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Plum.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plum
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Porkchop.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pork
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Potato.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Powder.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flux
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Prep_Hide.*                                       # (default: true) USE Small Prepared Hide
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.ProPick_Mold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clay ProPick Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Quern.*                                           # (default: true) USE Handstone
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Quiver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Quiver
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Raspberry.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raspberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Raw_Iron_Bloom.*                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Iron Bloom
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Apple.*                                       # (default: true) USE Red Apple
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Bell_Pepper.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Red Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Axe_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Red Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Boots.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Empty.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                     # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Water.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chestplate.*                            # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Chisel_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Double_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Greaves.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hammer_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Helmet.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Red Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Hoe_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Red Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Steel Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Javelin_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Steel Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Knife_Blade.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace.*                                  # (default: true) USE Red Steel Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Mace_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Red Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Pick_Head.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_ProPick_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw.*                                   # (default: true) USE Red Steel Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Saw_Blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Red Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                          # (default: true) USE Red Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sheet.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Steel Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Shovel_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword.*                                 # (default: true) USE Red Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Sword_Blade.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Tuyere.*                                # (default: true) USE Red Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                      # (default: true) USE Unfinished Red Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Unfinished Red Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                    # (default: true) USE Unfinished Red Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Unfinished Red Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Red Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Reeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Reeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Bread.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rice Bread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Dough.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rice Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Grain.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rice Grain
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Ground.*                                     # (default: true) USE Rice Flour
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rice_Whole.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rope.*                                            # (default: true) USE Rope
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Ingot.*                          # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Double_Sheet.*                          # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Ingot.*                                 # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Sheet.*                                 # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rose_Gold_Unshaped.*                              # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Rose Gold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Ruby.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chipped Ruby
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rum.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rum
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.RyeWhiskey.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Bread.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rye Bread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Dough.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rye Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Grain.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rye Grain
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Ground.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rye Flour
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Rye_Whole.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rye
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sake.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sake
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Salad.*                                           # (default: true) USE Salad
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sandwich.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sandwich
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sapphire.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chipped Sapphire
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Saw_Mold.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clay Saw Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Scraped_Hide.*                                    # (default: true) USE Small Scraped Hide
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Scythe_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) USE Clay Scythe Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sea_Weed.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sea Weed
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Axe_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Hoe_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Javelin_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sed_Stone_Shovel_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Barley.*                                    # (default: true) USE Barley Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Cabbage.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cabbage Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Carrot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Carrot Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Garlic.*                                    # (default: true) USE Garlic Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Greenbean.*                                 # (default: true) USE Green Bean Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Jute.*                                      # (default: true) USE Jute Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Maize.*                                     # (default: true) USE Maize Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Oat.*                                       # (default: true) USE Oat Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Onion.*                                     # (default: true) USE Onion Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Potato.*                                    # (default: true) USE Potato Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Red_Bell_Pepper.*                           # (default: true) USE Red Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rice.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rice Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Rye.*                                       # (default: true) USE Rye Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Soybean.*                                   # (default: true) USE Soybean Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Squash.*                                    # (default: true) USE Squash Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Sugarcane.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sugarcane Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Tomato.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tomato Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Wheat.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wheat Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Seeds_Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                        # (default: true) USE Yellow Bell Pepper Seeds
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sequoia_Door.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sequoia Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sheep_Skin.*                                      # (default: true) USE Small Sheepskin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Shovel_Mold.*                                     # (default: true) USE Clay Shovel Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.SilkCloth.*                                       # (default: true) USE Silk Cloth
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Ingot.*                             # (default: true) USE Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Double_Sheet.*                             # (default: true) USE Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Ingot.*                                    # (default: true) USE Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Sheet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Silver Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Silver_Unshaped.*                                 # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Silver
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.SinglePlank.*                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Lumber
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.SluiceItem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sluice
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Ore.*                                       # (default: true) USE Native Copper Nugget
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Small_Vessel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clay Vessel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Snowberry.*                                       # (default: true) USE Snowberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Soaked_Hide.*                                     # (default: true) USE Small Soaked Hide
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Soybeans.*                                        # (default: true) USE Soybeans
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle.*                                         # (default: true) USE Spindle
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Spindle_Head.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clay Spindle
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Spruce_Door.*                                     # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Squash.*                                          # (default: true) USE Squash
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Axe_Head.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Boots.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chestplate.*                                # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Chisel_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Double_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Greaves.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hammer_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Helmet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Hoe_Head.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Ingot.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Javelin_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Knife_Blade.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Mace_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Pick_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_ProPick_Head.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Saw_Blade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Scythe_Blade.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sheet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Shovel_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Sword_Blade.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Tuyere.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Unfinished Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Unfinished Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Greaves.*                        # (default: true) USE Unfinished Steel Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unfinished_Helmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Unfinished Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Steel_Unshaped.*                                  # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Ingot.*                    # (default: true) USE Sterling Silver Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Double_Sheet.*                    # (default: true) USE Sterling Silver Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Sterling Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Sheet.*                           # (default: true) USE Sterling Silver Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sterling_Silver_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Sterling Silver
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Hammer_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife.*                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Stone_Knife_Blade.*                               # (default: true) USE Stone Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Straw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Straw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Strawberry.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugar.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sugarcane.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sugarcane
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sword_Mold.*                                      # (default: true) USE Clay Sword Mold
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Sycamore_Door.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sycamore Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.TFC_Leather.*                                     # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) USE Tin Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Double_Sheet.*                                # (default: true) USE Tin Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Ingot.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Sheet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tin Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tin_Unshaped.*                                    # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Tin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tomato.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Topaz.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chipped Topaz
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Tourmaline.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chipped Tourmaline
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Ingot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unknown Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Unknown_Unshaped.*                                # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Unknown
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Venison.*                                         # (default: true) USE Venison
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Vinegar.*                                         # (default: true) USE Vinegar
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Vodka.*                                           # (default: true) USE Vodka
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Weak Blue Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Blue_Steel_Unshaped.*                        # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Weak Blue Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Ingot.*                            # (default: true) USE Weak Red Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Red_Steel_Unshaped.*                         # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Weak Red Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Ingot.*                                # (default: true) USE Weak Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Weak_Steel_Unshaped.*                             # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Weak Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Bread.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wheat Bread
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Dough.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wheat Dough
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Grain.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wheat Grain
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Ground.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wheat Flour
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wheat_Whole.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Whiskey.*                                         # (default: true) USE Whiskey
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Cedar_Door.*                                # (default: true) USE White Cedar Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.White_Elm_Door.*                                  # (default: true) USE White Elm Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Willow_Door.*                                     # (default: true) USE Willow Door
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wintergreen_Berry.*                               # (default: true) USE Wintergreen Berries
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Empty.*                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Empty)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Milk.*                              # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Milk)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wooden_Bucket_Water.*                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wool.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wool
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolCloth.*                                       # (default: true) USE Wool Cloth
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.WoolYarn.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wool Yarn
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe.*                                # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Axe_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Axe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chisel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Chisel_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chisel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Ingot.*                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Double_Sheet.*                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Greaves.*                            # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Hammer
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hammer_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe.*                                # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Hoe_Head.*                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Hoe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin.*                            # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Javelin
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Javelin_Head.*                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Javelin Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife.*                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Knife
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Knife_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace.*                               # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Mace
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Mace_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Mace Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick.*                               # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Pick_Head.*                          # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick.*                            # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_ProPick_Head.*                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Prospector's Pick Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw.*                                # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Saw_Blade.*                          # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Scythe_Blade.*                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Scythe Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sheet.*                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Shovel_Head.*                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword.*                              # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Sword_Blade.*                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Tuyere.*                             # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Tuyere
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Boots.*                   # (default: true) USE Unfinished Wrought Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Chestplate.*              # (default: true) USE Unfinished Wrought Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Greaves.*                 # (default: true) USE Unfinished Wrought Iron Greaves
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unfinished_Helmet.*                  # (default: true) USE Unfinished Wrought Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Wrought_Iron_Unshaped.*                           # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Wrought Iron
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Yellow_Bell_Pepper.*                              # (default: true) USE Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Zinc Double Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Double_Sheet.*                               # (default: true) USE Zinc Double Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Ingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zinc Ingot
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Sheet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zinc Sheet
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.Zinc_Unshaped.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unshaped: Zinc
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.arrow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.bootsCloth.*                                      # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.bow.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.chestplateCloth.*                                 # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.coal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.dyePowder.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.egg.*                                             # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.fishingRod.*                                      # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.flintAndSteel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.helmetCloth.*                                     # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.leggingsCloth.*                                   # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.shears.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.terrafirmacraft.item.stick.*                                           # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.tfcautomatedbellows.WroughtIronRoundShield.*                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Round Shield
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSaw.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BismuthBronzeIceSawHead.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSaw.*                                         # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlackBronzeIceSawHead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSaw.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlackSteelIceSawHead.*                                      # (default: true) USE Black Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSaw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BlueSteelIceSawHead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BronzeIceSaw.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.BronzeIceSawHead.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.CellarDoorItem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cellar Door
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.CopperIceSaw.*                                              # (default: true) USE Copper Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.CopperIceSawHead.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSaw.*                                            # (default: true) USE Red Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.RedSteelIceSawHead.*                                        # (default: true) USE Red Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.SteelIceSaw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Steel Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.SteelIceSawHead.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSaw.*                                         # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Ice Saw
fe.protection.use.tfccellars.WroughtIronIceSawHead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Ice Saw Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcengineer.item.InsulationCloth.*                                     # (default: true) USE Insulation Cloth
fe.protection.use.tfcengineer.item.Lunchbox.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lunchbox
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackBronze_Head.*                                     # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Steel Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlackSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Black Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_BlueSteel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Bronze_Head.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper.*                                               # (default: true) USE Copper Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Copper_Head.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Red Steel Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_RedSteel_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Red Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_Steel_Head.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Arrow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Arrow_WroughtIron_Head.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BismuthBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackBronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlackSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BlueSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackBronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Black Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlackSteel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) USE Black Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_BlueSteel_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Bronze_Head.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper.*                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Copper_Head.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_RedSteel_Head.*                                         # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_Steel_Head.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Bolt
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bolt_WroughtIron_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Bolt Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleFruitJuice.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleFruitWine.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fruit Wine
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceApple.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceLemon.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lemon Juice
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleJuiceOrange.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleLemonade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lemonade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleSoyMilk.*                                              # (default: true) USE Soy Milk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BottleSugar.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sugar in a Bottle
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BowLimb.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bow Limb
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BowlSuet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bowl of Suet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BowlTallow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bowl of Tallow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Greaves.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bronze Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Bronze_Chain_Helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BrownDye.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Brown Dye
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.BucketHotWater.*                                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Bucket (Hot Water)
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.CaseinGlue.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Casein Glue
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.CasingBrass.*                                                # (default: true) USE Brass Casing
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.CasingIron.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Casing
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.CasingRoseGold.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rose Gold Casing
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BismuthBronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackBronze.*                                    # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlackSteel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_BlueSteel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Bronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Copper.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_RedSteel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_Steel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Sheet_WroughtIron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chain Sheet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BismuthBronze.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackBronze.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlackSteel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Black Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_BlueSteel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Bronze.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Copper.*                                        # (default: true) USE Copper Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_RedSteel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_Steel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steel Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Chain_Square_WroughtIron.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chain Square
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Circuit.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crude Circuit
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_BismuthBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_BlackSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Black Steel Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_BlueSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_Bronze.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_Copper.*                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_RedSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Red Steel Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_Steel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Coil_WroughtIron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Coil
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Greaves.*                                       # (default: true) USE Copper Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Copper_Chain_Helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Copper Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.CrossBow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.DeerTendon.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tendon
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Gear.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze.*                                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackBronze_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlackSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) USE Black Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_BlueSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Bronze_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Copper_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Copper Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_RedSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_Steel_Head.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steel Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Halberd
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Halberd_WroughtIron_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Halberd Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.IronDust.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_BismuthBronze.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_BlackBronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_BlackSteel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Black Steel Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_BlueSteel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_Bronze.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bronze Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_Copper.*                                                # (default: true) USE Copper Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_RedSteel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Red Steel Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_Steel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Link_WroughtIron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Link
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.LongBow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Longbow
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.PistonBase.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Piston Base
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BismuthBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze.*                                        # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackBronze_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Black Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Black Steel Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlackSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) USE Black Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_BlueSteel_Head.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Bronze_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Copper_Head.*                                        # (default: true) USE Copper Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Red Steel Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_RedSteel_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_Steel_Head.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steel Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Poniard
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Poniard_WroughtIron_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Poniard Blade
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Quiver.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Quiver
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Greaves.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.RedSteel_Chain_Helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.SinewBowString.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sinew Bow String
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.SinewFiber.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sinew Fiber
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.SinewString.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sinew String
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.SoyPaste.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Soybean Paste
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Greaves.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Steel_Chain_Helmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steel Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.Suet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Suet
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.TallowDye.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dyed Tallow (Black)
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BismuthBronze_Head.*                               # (default: true) USE Bismuth Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze.*                                      # (default: true) USE Black Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackBronze_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Black Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Black Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlackSteel_Head.*                                  # (default: true) USE Black Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blue Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_BlueSteel_Head.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blue Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Bronze_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Copper War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Copper_Head.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Red Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_RedSteel_Head.*                                    # (default: true) USE Red Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_Steel_Head.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron War Hammer
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WarHammer_WroughtIron_Head.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron War Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chain Hauberk
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Greaves.*                                  # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chain Chausses
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.WroughtIron_Chain_Helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wrought Iron Chain Coif
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.itemArrow_Mold.*                                             # (default: true) USE Clay Arrow Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.itemBolt_Mold.*                                              # (default: true) USE Clay Bolt Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.itemHalberd_Mold.*                                           # (default: true) USE Clay Halberd Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.itemPoniard_Mold.*                                           # (default: true) USE Clay Poniard Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcm.item.itemWarHammer_Mold.*                                         # (default: true) USE Clay War Hammer Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                       # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Blue_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                     # (default: true) USE Blue Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Nitric_Acid.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bottled Nitric Acid
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Sulfuric_Acid.*                               # (default: true) USE Bottled Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Bottled_Water.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bottled Water
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Carbon_Rod.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carbon Rod
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Battery.*                                     # (default: true) USE Battery (Ceramic)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ceramic Bucket
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Hot_Water.*                            # (default: true) USE Ceramic Bucket (Hot Springs)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Salt_Water.*                           # (default: true) USE Ceramic Bucket (Salt Water)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Ceramic_Bucket_Water.*                                # (default: true) USE Ceramic Bucket (Fresh Water)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.Cooked Limonite.Cooked Limonite Small.name
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Cooked_Limonite_Powder.*                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Limonite Powder
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod.*                                          # (default: true) USE Copper Rod
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Nickel_Coated.*                            # (default: true) USE Nickel Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Rod_Silver_Coated.*                            # (default: true) USE Silver Coated Copper Rod
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Copper_Wire.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper Wire
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Nickel_Flake.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.Nickel Flake.Nickel Flake.name
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Nitric_Acid.*                        # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bucket (Nitric Acid)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Red_Steel_Bucket_Sulfuric_Acid.*                      # (default: true) USE Red Steel Bucket (Sulfuric Acid)
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Rod_Mold.*                                            # (default: true) USE Clay Rod Mold
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Silver_Flake.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.Silver Flake.Silver Flake.name
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag.*                                          # (default: true) USE Standard Tucker Bag
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Tucker_Bag_v2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Tucker Bag
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.Wrought_Iron_Buckle.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Buckle
fe.protection.use.tfcudarymod.item.empty.*                                               # (default: true) USE Empty Item
fe.protection.use.weightingscales.item.ScaleWeight.*                                     # (default: true) USE Scale Weight
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.bannerLarge.*                                          # (default: true) USE Large Black Banner
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.bannerSmall.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Black Banner
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.block_fragment.*                                       # (default: true) USE Block Fragment
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.club_hammer.*                                          # (default: true) USE Club Hammer
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.entity_vita.*                                          # (default: true) USE Unidentified Vita
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.flagLarge.*                                            # (default: true) USE Large Black Flag
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.flagSmall.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Black Flag
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.flax_fiber.*                                           # (default: true) USE Flax Fiber
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.flax_seeds.*                                           # (default: true) USE Flax Seeds
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.grindstoneStone.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grindstone
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carving Chisel
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.iron_chisel_point.*                                    # (default: true) USE Point Chisel
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.iron_saw.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Saw
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.linseed_oil.*                                          # (default: true) USE Linseed Oil
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.mallet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mallet
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.plank.*                                                # (default: true) USE Oak Plank
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.refined_plank.*                                        # (default: true) USE Refined Oak Plank
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.sandpaper.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sandpaper
fe.protection.use.yegamolchattels.smooth_plank.*                                         # (default: true) USE Smoothed Oak Plank
fe.protection.use.zipline.ArrowRope.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arrow with Rope
fe.protection.use.zipline.HandleBar.*                                                    # (default: true) USE HandleBar
