#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 27.11 03:10 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 15079 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                    # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Neutron Collector
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.break.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLamp.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBrassLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLantern.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBrassLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLantern.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLamp.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRedSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLantern.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioRedSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodClock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaneler.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodFurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodcase.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWooddesk.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodrack.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.break.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodtable.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.break.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.break.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Alabaster.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Alabaster
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Chipped.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chipped Gem
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Exquisite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Exquisite Gem
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flawed Gem
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawless.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flawless Gem
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Normal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Normal Gem
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BismuthBronze.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bismuth Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BlackBronze.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Brass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brass Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Bronze.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Copper.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Copper Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Gold.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gold Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Lead.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lead Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Platinum.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.RoseGold.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rose Gold Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Silver.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silver Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.SterlingSilver.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sterling Silver Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.WroughtIron.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Lantern
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chert.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Chert.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Granite.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Granite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Marble.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Marble.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Schist.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Schist.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Shale.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Shale.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Slate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBrickRaw.Slate.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBricks.name
fe.protection.break.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.MudBricks2.name
fe.protection.break.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.break.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chandelier
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mini-Chest
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Marker
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Collector
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ender Quarry
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK TNT Generator
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Magnum Torch
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Peaceful Table
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spike
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Trading Post
fe.protection.break.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.break.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.JABBA.barrel.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Better Barrel
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Frame
fe.protection.break.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Acacia.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Ash.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ash Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Aspen.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Aspen Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Birch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Chestnut.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Douglas_Fir.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Douglas Fir Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Hickory.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Hickory Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Kapok.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Kapok Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Maple.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Maple Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Pine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pine Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sequoia.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sequoia Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Spruce.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sycamore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sycamore Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Cedar.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Cedar Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Elm.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Elm Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Willow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Willow Stall
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.StorageRack.name
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.StorageRack2.name
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Warehouse
fe.protection.break.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Warehouse2.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Big Button
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass Canvas
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.charger.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.print.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.printer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Robot.name
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.switch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK PIM
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Item Selector
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sensor
fe.protection.break.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.break.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.break.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.cube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.signal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.stair.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.break.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Creative Supplier
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.TerraFirmaPumpkins.Melon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Glass
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.animalcrate.blockcrate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Animal Crate
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Chest
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dire Autocrafing Table
fe.protection.break.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Chest
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.armorStand.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Armor Stand
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.backpack.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Backpack
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.cardboardBox.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.craftingStation.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Station
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.crate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Storage Crate
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Backpack
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.flintBlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Flint
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.lockableDoor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Locked Iron Door
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.locker.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Locker
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.present.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Present
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.reinforcedChest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Chest
fe.protection.break.betterstorage.reinforcedLocker.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Locker
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockAirRoof.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Air Roof
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockAirWall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Air Wall
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockBerth.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.cuchaz.ships.berth.name
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockHelm.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Helm
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockProjector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ship Projector
fe.protection.break.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.acacia_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:acacia_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.acacia_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:acacia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.andesite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:andesite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.andesite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:andesite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.andesite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:andesite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.andesite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:andesite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.ash_plank_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:ash_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.aspen_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:aspen_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.basalt_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:basalt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.basalt_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:basalt_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.basalt_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:basalt_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.birch_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:birch_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.birch_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:birch_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.blue_sand.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:blue_sand.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chalk_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chalk_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chalk_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chalk_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chalk_tile.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chalk_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chert_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chert_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chert_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chert_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chert_tile.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chert_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chestnut_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chestnut_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chiseled_dark_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chiseled_dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.chiseled_red_sandstone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:chiseled_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_andesite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_basalt.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_basalt.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_chalk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_chalk.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_chert.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_chert.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_claystone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_claystone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_conglomerate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_conglomerate.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_dacite.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_dacite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_diorite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_dolomite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_dolomite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_gabbro.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_gabbro.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_gneiss.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_gneiss.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_granite.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_granite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_jet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_jet.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_limestone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_limestone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_marble.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_marble.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_phyllite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_phyllite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_quartzite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_quartzite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_rhyolite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_rhyolite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_rock_salt.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_rock_salt.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_schist.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_schist.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_serpentine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_serpentine.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_shale.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_shale.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.circle_slate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:circle_slate.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.claystone_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:claystone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.claystone_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:claystone_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.claystone_tile.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:claystone_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.coarse_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:coarse_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.conglomerate_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:conglomerate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.conglomerate_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:conglomerate_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.conglomerate_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:conglomerate_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass_pane.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.custom_glass_wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:custom_glass_wall.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dacite_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dacite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dacite_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dacite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dacite_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dacite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dark_oak_fence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dark_oak_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dark_prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dark_prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dark_quartz.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dark_quartz_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dark_quartz_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.diorite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:diorite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.diorite_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:diorite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.diorite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:diorite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.diorite_tile.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:diorite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dolomite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dolomite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dolomite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dolomite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.dolomite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:dolomite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.double_custom_glass_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:double_custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:double_red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.douglas_fir_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:douglas_fir_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gabbro_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gabbro_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gabbro_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gabbro_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gabbro_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gabbro_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gneiss_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gneiss_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gneiss_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gneiss_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.gneiss_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:gneiss_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.granite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:granite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.granite_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:granite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.granite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:granite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.granite_tile.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:granite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.green_sand.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:green_sand.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.greeni.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:Greeni.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.hickory_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:hickory_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jet_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jet_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jet_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jet_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jet_fancy_tile.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jet_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jet_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jet_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jet_tile.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jet_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.jungle_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:jungle_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.kapok_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:kapok_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.limestone_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:limestone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.limestone_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:limestone_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.limestone_tile.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:limestone_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.maple_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:maple_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.marble_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:marble_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.marble_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:marble_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.marble_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:marble_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.nova_lava.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:Nova Lava.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.nova_water.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:Nova_water.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.oak_plank_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:oak_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.phyllite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:phyllite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.phyllite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:phyllite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.phyllite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:phyllite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.pine_plank_fence.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:pine_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.pink_sand.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:pink_sand.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.polished_andesite.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:polished_andesite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.polished_diorite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:polished_diorite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.polished_granite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:polished_granite.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.prismarine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.prismarine_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:prismarine_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.quartzite_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:quartzite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.quartzite_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:quartzite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.quartzite_tile.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:quartzite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.red_sand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:red_sand.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.red_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.red_sandstone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:red_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rhyolite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rhyolite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rhyolite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rhyolite_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rhyolite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rhyolite_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rock_salt_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rock_salt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rock_salt_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rock_salt_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.rock_salt_tile.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:rock_salt_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.schist_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:schist_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.schist_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:schist_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.schist_tile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:schist_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.sea_lantern.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.sequoia_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:sequoia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.serpentine_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:serpentine_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.serpentine_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:serpentine_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.serpentine_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:serpentine_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.serpentine_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:serpentine_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.serpentine_tile.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:serpentine_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.shale_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:shale_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.shale_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:shale_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.shale_tile.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:shale_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.single_item_chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:single_item_chest.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.slate_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:slate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.slate_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:slate_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.slate_tile.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:slate_tile.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.smooth_jet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:smooth_jet.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.smooth_red_sandstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:smooth_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.smooth_serpentine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:smooth_serpentine.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.spruce_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:spruce_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.spruce_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:spruce_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.sycamore_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:sycamore_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.tower.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:tower.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.white_cedar_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:white_cedar_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.white_elm_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:white_elm_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.customitems.willow_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customitems:willow_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Item Robin
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.break.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsper.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperBlock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperDoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperFence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperGate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperLadder.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperPole.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlabDouble.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooAsperSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooAsperStairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobusta.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Campbell
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaBlock.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaDoor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaFence.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaGate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaLadder.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaPole.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaStairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimber.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberBlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberDoor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberFence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberGate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberLadder.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberPole.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberStairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGolden.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenBlock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenDoor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenFence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenGate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenLadder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenPole.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenStairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMoso.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoBlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoDoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoFence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoGate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoLadder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoPole.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlabDouble.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooMosoSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooMosoStairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassled.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledDoor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledFence.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledGate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledLadder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledPole.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledStairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlack.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackBlock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackDoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackFence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackGate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackLadder.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackPole.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackStairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlue.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueBlock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueDoor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueFence.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueGate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueLadder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBluePole.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueStairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestBlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Block
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestDoor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Door
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestFence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestGate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestLadder.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestPole.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestStairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachButtonSage.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Button Sage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachHighTideBush.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK High Tide Bush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachPrideOfMadeira.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pride of Madeira
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachSeaLavender.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lavender
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachSeaLymeGrass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lyme Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachSeaSandwort.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sea Sandwort
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.beachShowyAster.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Showy Aster
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushBeauty.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Beautyberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushBlack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushBlue.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushElder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Elderberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushGoose.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushHuckle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Huckleberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushOrange.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orangeberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushSnow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Snowberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.berrybushStraw.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Strawberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusArmatocereusMatucanensis.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Armatocereus Matucanensis
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusBaseballBat.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Baseball Bat Cactus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusEchinocereusMetornii.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Echinocereus Metornii
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenCereus.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golden Cereus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenSaguaro.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Golden Saguaro
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusMatucanaAureiflora.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Matucana Aureiflora
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusPricklyPear.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Prickly Pear
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusSnowPole.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow Pole
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cactusToothpick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Toothpick Cactus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.coralBlueStaghorn.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Staghorn Coral
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.coralElegance.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Elegance Coral
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.coralFeatheredHydroid.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Feathered Hydroid Coral
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.coralPillar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pillar Coral
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.coralSunPolyps.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sun Polyps
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropBeet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Beet
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Broccoli
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropCassava.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cassava
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropCelery.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Celery
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropCentella.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Centella
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropCorn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Corn
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cucumber
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Eggplant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropGreenBeans.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Green Beans
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropLaksaLeaf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Laksa Leaf
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropLeek.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Leek
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lettuce
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropOnion.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Onion
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropPeanut.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Peanut
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropRice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Asian Rice
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropSacredLotus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Lotus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sorrel
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spinach
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropTaro.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Taro
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropTomato.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tomato
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropWasabi.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wasabi
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropWaterSpinach.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water Spinach
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropWatercress.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Watercress
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.cropWildRice.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wild Rice
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertApachePlume.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apache Plume
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertBrittlebush.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brittlebush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertBroadLeafGilia.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Broad Leaf Gilia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertBroomSnakeweed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Broom Snakeweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertKangarooPaw.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kangaroo Paw
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertOcotillo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ocotillo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertPeninsulaOnion.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Peninsula Onion
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertSeepwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Seepwood
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.desertWhiteSage.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Sage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteApacheDwarf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apache Dwarf Mistletoe
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteArtistsConk.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Artist's Conk
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteClimbingCactus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Climbing Cactus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteCreepingMistletoe.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Creeping Mistletoe
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteCrimsonCattleya.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crimson Cattleya
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteCuthbertsDendrobium.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Cuthbert's Dendrobium
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteFishBoneCactus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fish Bone Cactus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteFragrantFern.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fragrant Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteHarlequinMistletoe.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Harlequin Mistletoe
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteKingOrchid.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK King Orchid
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteLanternForest.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lantern of the Forest
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteLargeFootDendrobium.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Large Foot Dendrobium
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteMistletoe.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Common Mistletoe
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteSulphurShelf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sulphur Shelf
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteTampaOrchid.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tampa Butterfly Orchid
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteTillandsiaIonantha.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Tillandsia Ionantha
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteTurkeyTail.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Turkey Tail
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.epiphyteWildfire.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wildfire
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernCretanBrake.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cretan Brake Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernDwarfPalmetto.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dwarf Palmetto
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernHayScented.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hay Scented Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernKangaroo.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Kangaroo Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernMaidenhairSpleenwort.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Maidenhair Spleenwort
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernOstrich.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ostrich Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernScalyTree.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernSword.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sword Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fernWoodsia.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Woodsia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingDuckweed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Common Duckweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingRedRootFloater.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Root Floater
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingWaterChestnut.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Water Chestnut
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingWaterHyacinth.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Water Hyacinth
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLettuce.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water Lettuce
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLily.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerAchillea.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Achillea
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerAlpineThistle.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alpine Thistle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerAzalea.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Azalea
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerBegonia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Begonia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerBell.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bellflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerBirdofParadise.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bird of Paradise
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Star
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerBurningLove.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Burning Love
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerCandelabraAloe.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Candelabra Aloe
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerCarnation.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carnation
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerCelosia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Celosia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerColumbine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Columbine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerDahlia.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dahlia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerDaisy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Daisy
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerDandelion.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dandelion
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerDelphinium.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Delphinium
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerDottedBlazingstar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dotted Blazingstar
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerElephantEars.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elephant Ears
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerFoamFlower.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Foam Flower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerFuchsia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fuchsia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerGeranium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Geranium
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerGladiolus.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gladiolus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerHawkweed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hawkweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerHydrangea.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Hydrangea
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerJacobsLadder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jacobs Ladder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerLily.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerLionsTail.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lions Tail
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerLupine.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lupine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerMarigold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marigold
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerMediterraneanSeaHolly.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mediterranean Sea Holly
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerMezereon.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mezereon
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerNemesia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nemesia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerNewGuineaImpatiens.*                             # (default: true) BREAK New Guinea Impatiens
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerParrotsBeak.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Parrots Beak
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerPeruvianLily.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Peruvian Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerPurpleConeflower.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Coneflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerQuinoa.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Quinoa
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerRose.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Rose
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerRoseCampion.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rose Campion
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerStreamsideBluebells.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Streamside Bluebells
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerTorchLily.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Torch Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerTulip.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tulip
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerViolet.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Violet
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerWildCarrot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wild Carrot
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerWildDaffodil.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wild Daffodil
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerWoodlandPinkroot.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Woodland Pinkroot
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflax.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Toadflax
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestArcticGentian.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arctic Gentian
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestAustralianBugle.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Australian Bugle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestBloodroot.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bloodroot
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestBroadleafMeadowsweet.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Broadleaf Meadowsweet
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestDeadnettle.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Deadnettle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestDeceivingTrillium.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Deceiving Trillium
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestFairySlipper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fairy Slipper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestGiantAngelica.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Giant Angelica
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestHorseweed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Horseweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestKneelingAngelica.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Kneeling Angelica
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestLilyoftheValley.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lily of the Valley
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestLongBractedOrchid.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Long-Bracted Orchid
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestMerrybells.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Merry Bells
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestNorthernPitcherPlant.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Northern Pitcher Plant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestPinesap.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pinesap
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestRedHelleborine.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Helleborine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestSalal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salal
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestSpringVetchling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spring Vetchling
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestVanillaLeaf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Leaf
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestWesternWallflower.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Western Wallflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestWildColumbine.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wild Columbine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestWildMint.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wild Mint
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestWolfsFootClubmoss.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Wolf's-foot Clubmoss
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestWoodlandKnotweed.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Woodland Knotweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.forestYellowLadySlipper.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Lady's Slipper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusBlackPowderpuff.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Powderpuff
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusChanterelle.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chanterelle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusDeathCap.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Death Cap
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusGiantClub.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Giant Club
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusParasol.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Parasol Mushroom
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusStinkhorn.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stinkhorn
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusWeepingMilkCap.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Weeping Milk Cap
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusWoodBlewit.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wood Blewit
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.fungusWoollyGomphus.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Woolly Gomphus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassBlueWheatgrass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassCord.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cord Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassFountain.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fountain Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassMaiden.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Maiden Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassMeadow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Meadow Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassMeadowFoxtail.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Meadow Foxtail
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassPrairie.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Prairie Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassSeaOats.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Sea Oats
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassSilverMoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Silver Moor Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.grassSwitch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Switch Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverClover.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Clover
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverFlowers.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNDK.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Green Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNLT.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bright Green Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverIvy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesBRN.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Brown Leaves
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesGRN.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Green Leaves
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverMoss.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.groundcoverTwig.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Twig
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooAsper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGiantTimber.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGolden.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooMoso.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooShortTassled.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTimorBlack.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTropicalBlue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBambooWetForest.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBlueWheatgrass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingBrittlebush.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brittlebush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersBLU.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCOR.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coral Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCYA.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersGRN.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMAG.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMIX.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Burgundy Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersORA.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPNK.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPUR.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersRED.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersROY.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Royal Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersWHT.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersYEL.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Flowers
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGGRN.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Large Green Foliage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGRED.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Large Red Foliage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGYEL.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Large Yellow Foliage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageMDGRN.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Medium Green Foliage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageSMGRN.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Small Green Foliage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingKrisPlant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Kris Plant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingLavender.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lavender
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingPhilodendron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Philodendron
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingPricklyPear.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Prickly Pear Cactus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingScalyTree.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingWildfire.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wildfire
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.hangingWolfWillow.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Willow
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedArrowArum.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Arrow Arum
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedCommonReed.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Common Reed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedDuckPotato.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Duck Potato
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedEuropeanBurReed.*                              # (default: true) BREAK European Bur-Reed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedGreySedge.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grey Sedge
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedSimplestemBurReed.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Simplestem Bur-Reed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedSoftstemBulrush.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Softstem Bulrush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedWaterMannagrass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Water Mannagrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.immersedYellowFlag.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Flag
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleConeHeadedGuzmania.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cone-headed Guzmania
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleDevilsTongue.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Devil's Tongue
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleHoneySpurge.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Honey Spurge
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleJungleLantern.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Lantern
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleLazarusBell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lazarus Bell
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleLobsterClaws.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lobster Claws
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleLollipopPlant.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lollipop Plant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleMadagascarPalm.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Madagascar Palm
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.junglePalmLily.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Palm Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.junglePanamaQueen.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Panama Queen
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.junglePorteaAlatisepala.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Portea Alatisepala
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleRacinaeaFraseri.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Racinaea Fraseri
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleRicheaDracophylla.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Richea Dracophylla
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleShellflower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Shellflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleSilverVase.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Vase
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleStaghornClubmoss.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Staghorn Clubmoss
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleTorchGinger.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Torch Ginger
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.jungleVoodooLily.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Voodoo Lily
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyColeus.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Coleus
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyDevilsShoestring.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Devil's Shoestring
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyDustyMiller.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dusty Miller
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyEmeraldPhilodendron.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Philodendron
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyKrisPlant.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kris Plant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyPaleYucca.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pale Yucca
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyPricklyLettuce.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Prickly Lettuce
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyStingingNettle.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stinging Nettle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.leafyStonecrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stonecrop
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineArmeria.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Alpine Armeria
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineBellflower.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Alpine Bellflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainBistort.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bistort
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainEdelweiss.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Edelweiss
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainHouseleek.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Houseleek
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainIris.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iris
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainNorthernWillowherb.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Northern Willowherb
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainScarletTrumpet.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Scarlet Trumpet
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.mountainYellowBellflower.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Bellflower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanCommonEelgrass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Common Eelgrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanCoralWeed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coral Weed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanMozuku.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mozuku
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanRockweed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rockweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanSeaGrapes.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sea Grapes
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanSeaLettuce.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lettuce
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.oceanTangle.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tangle
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieBrome.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Prairie Brome
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieSage.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Prairie Sage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsReedCanaryGrass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Reed Canary Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsShortrayFleabane.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Shortray Fleabane
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsSmallPasqueFlower.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Small Pasque Flower
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsSmoothAster.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Aster
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.plainsThreeFloweredAvens.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Three-Flowered Avens
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverAmazonSword.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amazon Sword
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverCanadianWaterweed.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Canadian Waterweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverCoonsTail.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coon's Tail
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverEelgrass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Eelgrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverWaterWisteria.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Water Wisteria
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.riverWrightsWaternymph.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wright's Waternymph
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaButterflyWeed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Butterfly Weed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaHoaryVervain.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hoary Vervain
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaLeadplant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Leadplant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaMarcela.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marcela
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaNorthernBedstraw.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Northern Bedstraw
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaPiersonsMilkVetch.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pierson's Milk Vetch
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaPropellerPlant.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Propeller Plant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaShonaCabbage.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shona Cabbage
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.savannaTexasTickseed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Texas Tickseed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubAlpineCurrant.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alpine Currant
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubBarberry.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Barberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubBoxwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Boxwood
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubButterfly.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Butterfly
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCanyonCreekAbelia.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Canyon Creek Abelia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCapeJasmine.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cape Jasmine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCedarCylinder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cylindrical Cedar
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCedarGlobe.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Globe Cedar
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCedarPyramid.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pyramid Cedar
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCypressGreen.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Cypress
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubCypressYellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Cypress
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubDaphne.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Daphne
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubDwarfElder.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dwarf Elder
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubHolly.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Holly
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubHummingbirdBush.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hummingbird Bush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubJuniperSavin.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Savin Juniper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubKerria.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Kerria
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubLavender.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lavender
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubLindera.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lindera
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubMeadowsweet.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Meadowsweet
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubMottlecah.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mottlecah
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubNinebark.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ninebark
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubSargentViburnum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sargent Viburnum
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubSpicebush.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spicebush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubWeepingForsythia.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Weeping Forsythia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubWinterberry.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Winterberry
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.shrubWolfWillow.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wolf Willow
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBlue.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBurgundy.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Burgundy Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCoral.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Coral Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCyan.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersGreen.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersMagenta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersOrange.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPink.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPurple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRoyal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Royal Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersWhite.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineFlowersYellow.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Flowering Vine
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineJapaneseIvy.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Japanese Ivy
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineSilverveinCreeper.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Silvervein Creeper
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineSpanishMoss.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spanish Moss
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineSwedishIvy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Swedish Ivy
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.vineVariegatedPersianIvy.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Variegated Persian Ivy
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooAsper.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Asper Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGiantTimber.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Timber Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGolden.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooMoso.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Moso Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooShortTassled.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Short-Tassled Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTimorBlack.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Timor Black Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTropicalBlue.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Blue Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooWetForest.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Wet Forest Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketGoldCurl.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Curled Gold Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketIronCurl.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Curled Iron Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketStone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodAcacia.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodBirch.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodDarkOak.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodJungle.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodOak.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodSpruce.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterBambooCoralYEL.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Bamboo Coral
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterCryptWendtii.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Crypt Wendtii
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterDwarfHairGrass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dwarf Hair Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantGRN.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Giant Kelp
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantYEL.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Giant Kelp
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterMondoGrass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mondo Grass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterPulsingXenia.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pulsing Xenia
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterPurpleSeaWhip.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Sea Whip
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.waterRedSeaFan.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sea Fan
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsCattails.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cattails
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsClubrush.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Clubrush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsCommonRush.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Common Rush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsFloweringRush.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Flowering Rush
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsPickerelweed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pickerelweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsReedMannagrass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Reed Mannagrass
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsSwampMilkweed.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Swamp Milkweed
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsWaterHorsetail.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Water Horsetail
fe.protection.break.plantmegapack.wetlandsWhiteTurtlehead.*                              # (default: true) BREAK White Turtlehead
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/-2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-1.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/-2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/0.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/-2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/0.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/-2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/-2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/0.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/-2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/0.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Anvil.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Anvil.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Anvil2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.Anvil2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Barrel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.Barrel.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Bellows.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bellows
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.BerryBush.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BerryBush.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Bloom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bloom
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Bloomery.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blast Furnace
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Bookshelf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ButtonWood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Button
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Cactus.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Charcoal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Charcoal
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Chest_TFC.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Clay.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Clay2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Clay Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Clay Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ClayPottery.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pottery
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Crops.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Crucible.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Crucible
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Detailed.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Detailed
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Dirt.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Dirt2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorAcacia.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorAsh.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ash Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorAspen.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aspen Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorBirch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorChestnut.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorDouglasFir.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorHickory.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hickory Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorKapok.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Kapok Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorMaple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Maple Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorOak.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorPine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pine Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorSequoia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sequoia Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorSpruce.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorSycamore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sycamore Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteCedar.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Cedar Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteElm.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Elm Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DoorWillow.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Willow Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dry Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dry Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.EarlyBloomery.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bloomery
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Fence2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FireBrick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fire Brick Block
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Firepit.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Firepit
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Flora.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Flora.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FlowerPot.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Flowers.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.Flowers.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Flowers2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Flowers2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FoodPrep.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Food Prep
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Forge.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Forge
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FreshWater.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water Flowing
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.FreshWaterStationary.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fresh Water
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Fungi.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.Fungi.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Grass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Grass2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Gravel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Gravel2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Grill.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grill
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Hopper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.HotWater.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hot Springs Flowing
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.HotWaterStationary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hot Springs
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Ice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.IngotPile.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ingot Pile
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Lava.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava Flowing
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LavaStationary.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LeatherRack.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Leather Rack
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LilyPad.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lilypad
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LitPumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LogPile.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Log Pile
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Loom.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Loom.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.LooseRock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Debris
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.MetalSheet.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Metal Sheet
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.MetalTrapDoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Trap Door
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Molten.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ore
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Moss.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Moss
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.NestBox.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Nest Box
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.OilLamp.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.OilLamp.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Ore1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ore
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Ore2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ore
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Ore3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ore
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Peat.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Peat
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.PeatGrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peat Grass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Pumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Quern.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Quern Base
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Reeds.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Reeds
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.SaltWater.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Salt Water Flowing
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.SaltWaterStationary.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Salt Water
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Sand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Sand2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.SeaGrassStill.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seagrass
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Sluice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sluice
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Smoke.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Smoke
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.SmokeRack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Smoke Rack
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Snow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.SpawnMeter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Protection Meter
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgEx.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgExRock.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExBrick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgExRockBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExCobble.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgExRockCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExSmooth.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgExRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgIn.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgInRock.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInBrick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgInRockBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInCobble.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgInRockCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInSmooth.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IgInRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneMM.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.MMRock.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMBrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.MMRockBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMCobble.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MMRockCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMSmooth.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MMRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneSed.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.SedRock.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedBrick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.SedRockBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedCobble.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.SedRockCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedSmooth.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.SedRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.StrawHideBed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Straw & Hide Bed
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Sulfur.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.TallGrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.TallGrass.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Thatch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thatch
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.ToolRack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.Toolrack.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.TorchOff.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Extinguished Torch
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Vessel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Large Vessel
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Vine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Vine
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgEx.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgIn.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickMM.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickSed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgEx.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgIn.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleMM.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleSed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgEx.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgIn.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallRawMM.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallRawSed.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgEx.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgIn.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothMM.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothSed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodConstruct.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lumber
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodHoriz.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodHoriz2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodHoriz3.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodHoriz4.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodSupportH.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Support Beam
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodSupportV.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodSupportV2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodVert.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.WoodVert2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.Workbench.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Workbench
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeWood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Tree
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.leaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.log.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.log2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.log2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.planks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.planks2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.sapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.sapling2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.stoneSlabs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Slab
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.stoneStairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stair
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.stoneStalac.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stalactite
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayRaw.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Clay Block
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStained.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClay.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStained2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClay2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayBrick.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayBrick2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayChiseled.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayChiseled2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled3.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayChiseled3.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled4.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayChiseled4.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled5.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayChiseled5.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayCircle.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayCircle2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPaver.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPaver2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPillar.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPillar2.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPillar3.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar4.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPillar4.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar5.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayPillar5.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayTile.name
fe.protection.break.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.StainedClayTile2.name
fe.protection.break.tfcautomatedbellows.BellowsDriver.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bellows Driver
fe.protection.break.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKiln.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pottery Kiln
fe.protection.break.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKilnChamber.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pottery Kiln Chamber
fe.protection.break.tfcautomatedbellows.SteamBoiler.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Steam Boiler
fe.protection.break.tfcautomatedbellows.WaterFilter.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Filter
fe.protection.break.tfccellars.CellarDoor.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cellar Door
fe.protection.break.tfccellars.CellarShelf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cellar Shelf
fe.protection.break.tfccellars.CellarWall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cellar Wall
fe.protection.break.tfccellars.Ice.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.tfccellars.IceBunker.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ice Bunker
fe.protection.break.tfcengineer.tile.DeepFreezer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Deep Freezer
fe.protection.break.tfcengineer.tile.ElectricForge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Electric Forge
fe.protection.break.tfcengineer.tile.Fridge.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.tfcengineer.tile.InductionForge.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Induction Forge
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockFruitPress.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Press
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockRoadIgEx.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRoadIgEx.name
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockRoadIgIn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRoadIgIn.name
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockRoadMM.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRoadMM.name
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockRoadSed.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockRoadSed.name
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockTallowCandle.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.tfcm.blockTallowCandleOff.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Extinguished Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.Alloy_Calculator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Calculator
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.Anodising_Vessel.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Anodising Vessel
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.Drying_Mat.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Drying Mat
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.Evaporator_Pan.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Evaporator Pan
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.Ore_Cooker.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ore Cooker
fe.protection.break.tfcudarymod.tile.empty.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Empty Block
fe.protection.break.weightingscales.tile.Scale.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Scales
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.flax_plant.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Flax Plant
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.gong.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gong.name
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.grandfatherClock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grandfather Clock
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.grindstone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grindstone Base
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.loot_chest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Loot Chest
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.micro_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sculpture
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.pedestal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Unidentified Pedestal
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.plank_saw.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Saw Bench
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.statue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Statue
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.table_press.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Table Press
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.tikiTorch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Tiki Torch
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.treasurePile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Pile
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.weaponRack.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Rack
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.ygcItemShelf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ygcItemShelf.name
fe.protection.break.yegamolchattels.ygcSnowGlobe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow Globe
fe.protection.break.zipline.ClothSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK ClothSheet
fe.protection.break.zipline.LeatherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK LeatherBlock
fe.protection.break.zipline.Rope.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope
fe.protection.break.zipline.RopeBridge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rope Bridge
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                  # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.explode.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLamp.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBrassLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLantern.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBrassLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLantern.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLamp.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRedSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLantern.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioRedSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodClock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaneler.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodFurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodcase.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWooddesk.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodrack.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.explode.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodtable.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.explode.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.explode.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Alabaster.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Alabaster
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Chipped.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chipped Gem
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Exquisite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Exquisite Gem
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flawed Gem
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawless.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flawless Gem
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Normal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Normal Gem
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BismuthBronze.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bismuth Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BlackBronze.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Brass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Bronze.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Copper.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Gold.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Lead.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Platinum.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.RoseGold.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Gold Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Silver.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.SterlingSilver.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sterling Silver Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.WroughtIron.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Lantern
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chert.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Chert.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Granite.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Granite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Marble.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Marble.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Schist.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Schist.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Shale.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Shale.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Slate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBrickRaw.Slate.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBricks.name
fe.protection.explode.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MudBricks2.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chandelier
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Collector
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT Generator
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Post
fe.protection.explode.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.explode.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.JABBA.barrel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Better Barrel
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame
fe.protection.explode.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Acacia.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Ash.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Aspen.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Aspen Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Birch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Chestnut.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Douglas_Fir.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Douglas Fir Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Hickory.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hickory Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Kapok.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapok Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Maple.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Pine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sequoia.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sequoia Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Spruce.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sycamore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sycamore Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Cedar.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Cedar Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Elm.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Elm Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Willow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Stall
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StorageRack.name
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StorageRack2.name
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Warehouse
fe.protection.explode.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Warehouse2.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Button
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.cable.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.case3.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.charger.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.print.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.printer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.rack.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.raid.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.relay.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robot.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot.name
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.switch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE PIM
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Selector
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sensor
fe.protection.explode.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.explode.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.cube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.signal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.stair.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.explode.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.TerraFirmaPumpkins.Melon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.animalcrate.blockcrate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Crate
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dire Autocrafing Table
fe.protection.explode.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.armorStand.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Stand
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.backpack.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Backpack
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.cardboardBox.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.craftingStation.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Station
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.crate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Storage Crate
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Backpack
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.flintBlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Flint
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.lockableDoor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.locker.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Locker
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.present.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Present
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.reinforcedChest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Chest
fe.protection.explode.betterstorage.reinforcedLocker.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Locker
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockAirRoof.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Roof
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockAirWall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Wall
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockBerth.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cuchaz.ships.berth.name
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockHelm.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Helm
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockProjector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ship Projector
fe.protection.explode.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.acacia_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:acacia_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.acacia_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:acacia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.andesite.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.andesite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:andesite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.andesite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:andesite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.andesite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:andesite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.ash_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:ash_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.aspen_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:aspen_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.basalt_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:basalt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.basalt_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:basalt_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.basalt_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:basalt_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.birch_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:birch_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.birch_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:birch_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.blue_sand.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:blue_sand.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chalk_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chalk_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chalk_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chalk_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chalk_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chalk_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chert_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chert_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chert_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chert_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chert_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chert_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chestnut_plank_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chestnut_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chiseled_dark_quartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chiseled_dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.chiseled_red_sandstone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:chiseled_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_andesite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_basalt.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_basalt.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_chalk.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_chalk.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_chert.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_chert.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_claystone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_claystone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_conglomerate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_conglomerate.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_dacite.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_dacite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_diorite.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_dolomite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_dolomite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_gabbro.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_gabbro.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_gneiss.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_gneiss.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_granite.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_granite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_jet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_jet.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_limestone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_limestone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_marble.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_marble.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_phyllite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_phyllite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_quartzite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_quartzite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_rhyolite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_rhyolite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_rock_salt.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_rock_salt.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_schist.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_schist.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_serpentine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_serpentine.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_shale.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_shale.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.circle_slate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:circle_slate.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.claystone_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:claystone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.claystone_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:claystone_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.claystone_tile.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:claystone_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.coarse_dirt.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:coarse_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.conglomerate_fancy_tile.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:conglomerate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.conglomerate_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:conglomerate_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.conglomerate_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:conglomerate_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass_pane.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.custom_glass_wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:custom_glass_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dacite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dacite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dacite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dacite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dacite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dacite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dark_oak_fence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dark_oak_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dark_prismarine.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dark_prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dark_quartz.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dark_quartz_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dark_quartz_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.diorite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.diorite_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:diorite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.diorite_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:diorite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.diorite_tile.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:diorite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dolomite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dolomite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dolomite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dolomite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.dolomite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:dolomite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.double_custom_glass_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:double_custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:double_red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.douglas_fir_plank_fence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:douglas_fir_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gabbro_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gabbro_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gabbro_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gabbro_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gabbro_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gabbro_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gneiss_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gneiss_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gneiss_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gneiss_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.gneiss_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:gneiss_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.granite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:granite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.granite_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:granite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.granite_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:granite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.granite_tile.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:granite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.green_sand.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:green_sand.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.greeni.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:Greeni.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.hickory_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:hickory_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jet_bricks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jet_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jet_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jet_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jet_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jet_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jet_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jet_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jet_tile.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jet_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.jungle_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:jungle_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.kapok_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:kapok_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.limestone_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:limestone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.limestone_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:limestone_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.limestone_tile.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:limestone_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.maple_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:maple_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.marble_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:marble_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.marble_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:marble_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.marble_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:marble_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.nova_lava.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:Nova Lava.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.nova_water.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:Nova_water.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.oak_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:oak_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.phyllite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:phyllite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.phyllite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:phyllite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.phyllite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:phyllite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.pine_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:pine_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.pink_sand.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:pink_sand.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.polished_andesite.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:polished_andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.polished_diorite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:polished_diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.polished_granite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:polished_granite.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.prismarine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.prismarine_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:prismarine_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.quartzite_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:quartzite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.quartzite_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:quartzite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.quartzite_tile.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:quartzite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.red_sand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:red_sand.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.red_sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.red_sandstone_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:red_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rhyolite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rhyolite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rhyolite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rhyolite_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rhyolite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rhyolite_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rock_salt_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rock_salt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rock_salt_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rock_salt_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.rock_salt_tile.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:rock_salt_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.schist_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:schist_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.schist_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:schist_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.schist_tile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:schist_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.sea_lantern.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.sequoia_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:sequoia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.serpentine_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:serpentine_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.serpentine_cobblestone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:serpentine_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.serpentine_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:serpentine_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.serpentine_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:serpentine_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.serpentine_tile.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:serpentine_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.shale_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:shale_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.shale_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:shale_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.shale_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:shale_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.single_item_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:single_item_chest.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.slate_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:slate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.slate_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:slate_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.slate_tile.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:slate_tile.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.smooth_jet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:smooth_jet.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.smooth_red_sandstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:smooth_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.smooth_serpentine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:smooth_serpentine.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.spruce_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:spruce_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.spruce_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:spruce_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.sycamore_plank_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:sycamore_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.tower.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:tower.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.white_cedar_plank_fence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:white_cedar_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.white_elm_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:white_elm_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.customitems.willow_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customitems:willow_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Robin
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.explode.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsper.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperBlock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperDoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperFence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperGate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperLadder.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperPole.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlabDouble.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooAsperSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooAsperStairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobusta.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Campbell
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaBlock.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaDoor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaFence.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaGate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaLadder.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaPole.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaStairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimber.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberBlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberDoor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberFence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberGate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberLadder.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberPole.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberStairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGolden.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenBlock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenDoor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenFence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenGate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenLadder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenPole.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenStairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMoso.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoBlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoDoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoFence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoGate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoLadder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoPole.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlabDouble.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooMosoSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooMosoStairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassled.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledDoor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledFence.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledGate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledLadder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledPole.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledStairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlack.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackBlock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackDoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackFence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackGate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackLadder.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackPole.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackStairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlue.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueBlock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueDoor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueFence.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueGate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueLadder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBluePole.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueStairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestBlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Block
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestDoor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Door
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestFence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestGate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestLadder.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestPole.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestStairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachButtonSage.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button Sage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachHighTideBush.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE High Tide Bush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachPrideOfMadeira.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pride of Madeira
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachSeaLavender.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lavender
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachSeaLymeGrass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lyme Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachSeaSandwort.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Sandwort
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.beachShowyAster.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Showy Aster
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushBeauty.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Beautyberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushBlack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushBlue.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushElder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Elderberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushGoose.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushHuckle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Huckleberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushOrange.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orangeberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushSnow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Snowberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.berrybushStraw.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Strawberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusArmatocereusMatucanensis.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Armatocereus Matucanensis
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusBaseballBat.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Baseball Bat Cactus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusEchinocereusMetornii.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Echinocereus Metornii
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenCereus.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Cereus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenSaguaro.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Saguaro
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusMatucanaAureiflora.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Matucana Aureiflora
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusPricklyPear.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Prickly Pear
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusSnowPole.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Pole
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cactusToothpick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Toothpick Cactus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.coralBlueStaghorn.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Staghorn Coral
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.coralElegance.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Elegance Coral
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.coralFeatheredHydroid.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Feathered Hydroid Coral
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.coralPillar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pillar Coral
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.coralSunPolyps.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sun Polyps
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropBeet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Beet
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperOrange.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperRed.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperYellow.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropBroccoli.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Broccoli
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropCassava.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cassava
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropCelery.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Celery
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropCentella.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Centella
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropCorn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropCucumber.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cucumber
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropEggplant.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Eggplant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropGreenBeans.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Beans
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropLaksaLeaf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Laksa Leaf
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropLeek.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Leek
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropLettuce.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lettuce
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropOnion.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Onion
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropPeanut.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Peanut
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropRice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Asian Rice
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropSacredLotus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Lotus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropSorrel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sorrel
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropSpinach.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spinach
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropTaro.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Taro
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropTomato.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropWasabi.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wasabi
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropWaterSpinach.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Spinach
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropWatercress.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Watercress
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.cropWildRice.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wild Rice
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertApachePlume.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apache Plume
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertBrittlebush.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brittlebush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertBroadLeafGilia.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Broad Leaf Gilia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertBroomSnakeweed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Broom Snakeweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertKangarooPaw.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kangaroo Paw
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertOcotillo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ocotillo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertPeninsulaOnion.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Peninsula Onion
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertSeepwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seepwood
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.desertWhiteSage.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteApacheDwarf.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apache Dwarf Mistletoe
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteArtistsConk.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Artist's Conk
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteClimbingCactus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Climbing Cactus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteCreepingMistletoe.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeping Mistletoe
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteCrimsonCattleya.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crimson Cattleya
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteCuthbertsDendrobium.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cuthbert's Dendrobium
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteFishBoneCactus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fish Bone Cactus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteFragrantFern.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fragrant Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteHarlequinMistletoe.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Harlequin Mistletoe
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteKingOrchid.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE King Orchid
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteLanternForest.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lantern of the Forest
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteLargeFootDendrobium.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Foot Dendrobium
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteMistletoe.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Mistletoe
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteSulphurShelf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulphur Shelf
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteTampaOrchid.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tampa Butterfly Orchid
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteTillandsiaIonantha.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tillandsia Ionantha
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteTurkeyTail.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Turkey Tail
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.epiphyteWildfire.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wildfire
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernCretanBrake.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cretan Brake Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernDwarfPalmetto.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dwarf Palmetto
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernHayScented.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Scented Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernKangaroo.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Kangaroo Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernMaidenhairSpleenwort.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Maidenhair Spleenwort
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernOstrich.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ostrich Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernScalyTree.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernSword.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sword Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fernWoodsia.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Woodsia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingDuckweed.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Duckweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingRedRootFloater.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Root Floater
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingWaterChestnut.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingWaterHyacinth.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Hyacinth
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLettuce.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Lettuce
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLily.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerAchillea.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Achillea
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerAlpineThistle.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alpine Thistle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerAzalea.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Azalea
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerBegonia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Begonia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerBell.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bellflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerBirdofParadise.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bird of Paradise
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Star
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerBurningLove.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Burning Love
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerCandelabraAloe.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Candelabra Aloe
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerCarnation.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carnation
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerCelosia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Celosia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerColumbine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Columbine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerDahlia.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dahlia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerDaisy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Daisy
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerDandelion.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dandelion
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerDelphinium.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Delphinium
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerDottedBlazingstar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dotted Blazingstar
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerElephantEars.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elephant Ears
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerFoamFlower.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Foam Flower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerFuchsia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuchsia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerGeranium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Geranium
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerGladiolus.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gladiolus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerHawkweed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hawkweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerHydrangea.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrangea
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerJacobsLadder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacobs Ladder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerLily.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerLionsTail.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lions Tail
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerLupine.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lupine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerMarigold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marigold
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerMediterraneanSeaHolly.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mediterranean Sea Holly
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerMezereon.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mezereon
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerNemesia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nemesia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerNewGuineaImpatiens.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE New Guinea Impatiens
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerParrotsBeak.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Parrots Beak
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerPeruvianLily.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Peruvian Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerPurpleConeflower.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Coneflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerQuinoa.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Quinoa
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerRose.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerRoseCampion.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rose Campion
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerStreamsideBluebells.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Streamside Bluebells
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerTorchLily.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerTulip.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tulip
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerViolet.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Violet
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerWildCarrot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wild Carrot
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerWildDaffodil.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wild Daffodil
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerWoodlandPinkroot.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Woodland Pinkroot
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflax.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Toadflax
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestArcticGentian.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arctic Gentian
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestAustralianBugle.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Australian Bugle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestBloodroot.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodroot
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestBroadleafMeadowsweet.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Broadleaf Meadowsweet
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestDeadnettle.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Deadnettle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestDeceivingTrillium.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Deceiving Trillium
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestFairySlipper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fairy Slipper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestGiantAngelica.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Angelica
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestHorseweed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Horseweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestKneelingAngelica.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Kneeling Angelica
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestLilyoftheValley.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily of the Valley
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestLongBractedOrchid.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Long-Bracted Orchid
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestMerrybells.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Merry Bells
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestNorthernPitcherPlant.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Northern Pitcher Plant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestPinesap.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pinesap
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestRedHelleborine.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Helleborine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestSalal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salal
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestSpringVetchling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spring Vetchling
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestVanillaLeaf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Leaf
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestWesternWallflower.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Western Wallflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestWildColumbine.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wild Columbine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestWildMint.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wild Mint
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestWolfsFootClubmoss.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf's-foot Clubmoss
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestWoodlandKnotweed.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Woodland Knotweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.forestYellowLadySlipper.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Lady's Slipper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusBlackPowderpuff.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Powderpuff
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusChanterelle.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chanterelle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusDeathCap.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Death Cap
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusGiantClub.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Club
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusParasol.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Parasol Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusStinkhorn.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stinkhorn
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusWeepingMilkCap.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Weeping Milk Cap
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusWoodBlewit.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Blewit
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.fungusWoollyGomphus.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Woolly Gomphus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassBlueWheatgrass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassCord.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cord Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassFountain.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fountain Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassMaiden.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Maiden Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassMeadow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Meadow Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassMeadowFoxtail.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Meadow Foxtail
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassPrairie.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Prairie Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassSeaOats.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Oats
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassSilverMoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Moor Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.grassSwitch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Switch Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverClover.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Clover
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverFlowers.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNDK.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Green Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNLT.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bright Green Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverIvy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesBRN.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Leaves
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesGRN.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Leaves
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverMoss.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.groundcoverTwig.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Twig
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooAsper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGiantTimber.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGolden.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooMoso.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooShortTassled.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTimorBlack.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTropicalBlue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBambooWetForest.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBlueWheatgrass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingBrittlebush.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brittlebush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersBLU.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCOR.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Coral Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCYA.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersGRN.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMAG.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMIX.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Burgundy Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersORA.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPNK.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPUR.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersRED.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersROY.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Royal Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersWHT.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersYEL.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Flowers
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGGRN.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Green Foliage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGRED.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Red Foliage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGYEL.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Yellow Foliage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageMDGRN.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Green Foliage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageSMGRN.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Green Foliage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingKrisPlant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Kris Plant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingLavender.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavender
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingPhilodendron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Philodendron
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingPricklyPear.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Prickly Pear Cactus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingScalyTree.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingWildfire.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wildfire
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.hangingWolfWillow.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Willow
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedArrowArum.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Arrow Arum
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedCommonReed.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Reed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedDuckPotato.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Duck Potato
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedEuropeanBurReed.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE European Bur-Reed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedGreySedge.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grey Sedge
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedSimplestemBurReed.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Simplestem Bur-Reed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedSoftstemBulrush.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Softstem Bulrush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedWaterMannagrass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Mannagrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.immersedYellowFlag.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Flag
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleConeHeadedGuzmania.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cone-headed Guzmania
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleDevilsTongue.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Devil's Tongue
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleHoneySpurge.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Spurge
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleJungleLantern.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Lantern
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleLazarusBell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lazarus Bell
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleLobsterClaws.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lobster Claws
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleLollipopPlant.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lollipop Plant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleMadagascarPalm.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Madagascar Palm
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.junglePalmLily.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.junglePanamaQueen.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Panama Queen
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.junglePorteaAlatisepala.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Portea Alatisepala
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleRacinaeaFraseri.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Racinaea Fraseri
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleRicheaDracophylla.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Richea Dracophylla
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleShellflower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Shellflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleSilverVase.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Vase
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleStaghornClubmoss.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Staghorn Clubmoss
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleTorchGinger.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch Ginger
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.jungleVoodooLily.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Voodoo Lily
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyColeus.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coleus
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyDevilsShoestring.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Devil's Shoestring
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyDustyMiller.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dusty Miller
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyEmeraldPhilodendron.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Philodendron
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyKrisPlant.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kris Plant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyPaleYucca.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pale Yucca
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyPricklyLettuce.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Prickly Lettuce
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyStingingNettle.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stinging Nettle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.leafyStonecrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stonecrop
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineArmeria.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alpine Armeria
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineBellflower.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alpine Bellflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainBistort.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistort
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainEdelweiss.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Edelweiss
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainHouseleek.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Houseleek
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainIris.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iris
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainNorthernWillowherb.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Northern Willowherb
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainScarletTrumpet.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Scarlet Trumpet
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.mountainYellowBellflower.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Bellflower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanCommonEelgrass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Eelgrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanCoralWeed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coral Weed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanMozuku.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mozuku
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanRockweed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rockweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanSeaGrapes.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Grapes
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanSeaLettuce.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lettuce
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.oceanTangle.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tangle
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieBrome.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Prairie Brome
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieSage.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Prairie Sage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsReedCanaryGrass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Reed Canary Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsShortrayFleabane.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Shortray Fleabane
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsSmallPasqueFlower.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Pasque Flower
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsSmoothAster.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Aster
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.plainsThreeFloweredAvens.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Three-Flowered Avens
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverAmazonSword.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amazon Sword
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverCanadianWaterweed.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Canadian Waterweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverCoonsTail.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coon's Tail
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverEelgrass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eelgrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverWaterWisteria.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Wisteria
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.riverWrightsWaternymph.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wright's Waternymph
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaButterflyWeed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Butterfly Weed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaHoaryVervain.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hoary Vervain
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaLeadplant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Leadplant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaMarcela.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marcela
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaNorthernBedstraw.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Northern Bedstraw
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaPiersonsMilkVetch.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pierson's Milk Vetch
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaPropellerPlant.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Propeller Plant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaShonaCabbage.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shona Cabbage
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.savannaTexasTickseed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Texas Tickseed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubAlpineCurrant.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alpine Currant
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubBarberry.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Barberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubBoxwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Boxwood
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubButterfly.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Butterfly
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCanyonCreekAbelia.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Canyon Creek Abelia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCapeJasmine.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cape Jasmine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCedarCylinder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cylindrical Cedar
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCedarGlobe.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Globe Cedar
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCedarPyramid.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pyramid Cedar
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCypressGreen.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Cypress
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubCypressYellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Cypress
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubDaphne.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Daphne
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubDwarfElder.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dwarf Elder
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubHolly.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Holly
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubHummingbirdBush.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hummingbird Bush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubJuniperSavin.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Savin Juniper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubKerria.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Kerria
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubLavender.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavender
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubLindera.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lindera
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubMeadowsweet.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Meadowsweet
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubMottlecah.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mottlecah
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubNinebark.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ninebark
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubSargentViburnum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sargent Viburnum
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubSpicebush.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spicebush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubWeepingForsythia.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Weeping Forsythia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubWinterberry.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Winterberry
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.shrubWolfWillow.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wolf Willow
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBlue.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBurgundy.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Burgundy Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCoral.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coral Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCyan.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersGreen.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersMagenta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersOrange.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPink.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPurple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRoyal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Royal Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersWhite.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineFlowersYellow.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Flowering Vine
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineJapaneseIvy.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Japanese Ivy
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineSilverveinCreeper.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silvervein Creeper
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineSpanishMoss.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineSwedishIvy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Swedish Ivy
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.vineVariegatedPersianIvy.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Variegated Persian Ivy
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooAsper.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Asper Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGiantTimber.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Timber Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGolden.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooMoso.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moso Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooShortTassled.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Short-Tassled Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTimorBlack.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timor Black Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTropicalBlue.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Blue Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooWetForest.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wet Forest Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketGoldCurl.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Curled Gold Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketIronCurl.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Curled Iron Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketStone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodAcacia.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodBirch.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodDarkOak.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodJungle.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodOak.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodSpruce.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterBambooCoralYEL.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Bamboo Coral
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterCryptWendtii.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Crypt Wendtii
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterDwarfHairGrass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dwarf Hair Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantGRN.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Giant Kelp
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantYEL.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Giant Kelp
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterMondoGrass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mondo Grass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterPulsingXenia.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulsing Xenia
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterPurpleSeaWhip.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Sea Whip
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.waterRedSeaFan.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sea Fan
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsCattails.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cattails
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsClubrush.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Clubrush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsCommonRush.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Rush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsFloweringRush.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flowering Rush
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsPickerelweed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pickerelweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsReedMannagrass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Reed Mannagrass
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsSwampMilkweed.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Swamp Milkweed
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsWaterHorsetail.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Horsetail
fe.protection.explode.plantmegapack.wetlandsWhiteTurtlehead.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Turtlehead
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/-2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-1.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/-2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/0.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/-2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/0.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/-2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/-2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/0.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/-2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/0.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Anvil.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Anvil2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Anvil2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Barrel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Barrel.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Bellows.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bellows
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.BerryBush.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BerryBush.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Bloom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bloom
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Bloomery.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast Furnace
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ButtonWood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Button
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Cactus.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Charcoal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Chest_TFC.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Clay.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Clay2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ClayPottery.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pottery
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Crops.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Crucible.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Detailed.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Detailed
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Dirt.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Dirt2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorAcacia.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorAsh.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorAspen.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aspen Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorBirch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorChestnut.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorDouglasFir.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorHickory.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hickory Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorKapok.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Kapok Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorMaple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorOak.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorPine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorSequoia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sequoia Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorSpruce.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorSycamore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sycamore Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteCedar.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Cedar Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteElm.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Elm Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DoorWillow.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dry Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dry Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.EarlyBloomery.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloomery
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Fence2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FireBrick.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Brick Block
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Firepit.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Firepit
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Flora.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Flora.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FlowerPot.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Flowers.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Flowers2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Flowers2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FoodPrep.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Food Prep
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Forge.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Forge
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FreshWater.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water Flowing
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.FreshWaterStationary.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fresh Water
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Fungi.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Fungi.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Grass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Grass2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Gravel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Gravel2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Grill.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grill
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Hopper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.HotWater.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hot Springs Flowing
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.HotWaterStationary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hot Springs
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Ice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.IngotPile.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ingot Pile
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Lava.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Flowing
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LavaStationary.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LeatherRack.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Leather Rack
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LilyPad.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lilypad
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LitPumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LogPile.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Log Pile
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Loom.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Loom.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.LooseRock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Debris
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.MetalSheet.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Metal Sheet
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.MetalTrapDoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Molten.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ore
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Moss.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.NestBox.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nest Box
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.OilLamp.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OilLamp.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Ore1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Ore2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Ore3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Peat.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Peat
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.PeatGrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Peat Grass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Quern.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Quern Base
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Reeds.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reeds
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.SaltWater.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Water Flowing
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.SaltWaterStationary.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Water
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Sand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Sand2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.SeaGrassStill.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seagrass
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Sluice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sluice
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Smoke.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smoke
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.SmokeRack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Smoke Rack
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Snow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.SpawnMeter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Protection Meter
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgEx.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgExRock.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExBrick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgExRockBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExCobble.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgExRockCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExSmooth.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgExRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgIn.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgInRock.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInBrick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgInRockBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInCobble.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgInRockCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInSmooth.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IgInRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneMM.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MMRock.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMBrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MMRockBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMCobble.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MMRockCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMSmooth.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MMRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneSed.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SedRock.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedBrick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SedRockBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedCobble.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SedRockCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedSmooth.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SedRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.StrawHideBed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Straw & Hide Bed
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Sulfur.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.TallGrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.TallGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Thatch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thatch
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.ToolRack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Toolrack.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.TorchOff.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Extinguished Torch
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Vessel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Vessel
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Vine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vine
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgEx.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgIn.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickMM.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickSed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgEx.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgIn.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleMM.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleSed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgEx.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgIn.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallRawMM.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallRawSed.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgEx.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgIn.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothMM.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothSed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodConstruct.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lumber
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodHoriz.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodHoriz2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodHoriz3.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodHoriz4.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodSupportH.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Support Beam
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodSupportV.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodSupportV2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodVert.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.WoodVert2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.Workbench.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeWood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Tree
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.planks2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.sapling2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.stoneSlabs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Slab
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.stoneStairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stair
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.stoneStalac.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stalactite
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayRaw.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay Block
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStained.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClay.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStained2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClay2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayBrick2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayChiseled.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayChiseled2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled3.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayChiseled3.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled4.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayChiseled4.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled5.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayChiseled5.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayCircle.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayCircle2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPaver.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPaver2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPillar.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPillar2.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPillar3.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar4.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPillar4.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar5.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayPillar5.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayTile.name
fe.protection.explode.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.StainedClayTile2.name
fe.protection.explode.tfcautomatedbellows.BellowsDriver.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bellows Driver
fe.protection.explode.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKiln.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pottery Kiln
fe.protection.explode.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKilnChamber.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pottery Kiln Chamber
fe.protection.explode.tfcautomatedbellows.SteamBoiler.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Boiler
fe.protection.explode.tfcautomatedbellows.WaterFilter.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Filter
fe.protection.explode.tfccellars.CellarDoor.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cellar Door
fe.protection.explode.tfccellars.CellarShelf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cellar Shelf
fe.protection.explode.tfccellars.CellarWall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cellar Wall
fe.protection.explode.tfccellars.Ice.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.tfccellars.IceBunker.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Bunker
fe.protection.explode.tfcengineer.tile.DeepFreezer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Deep Freezer
fe.protection.explode.tfcengineer.tile.ElectricForge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Forge
fe.protection.explode.tfcengineer.tile.Fridge.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.tfcengineer.tile.InductionForge.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Induction Forge
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockFruitPress.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Press
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockRoadIgEx.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRoadIgEx.name
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockRoadIgIn.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRoadIgIn.name
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockRoadMM.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRoadMM.name
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockRoadSed.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockRoadSed.name
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockTallowCandle.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.tfcm.blockTallowCandleOff.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Extinguished Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.Alloy_Calculator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Calculator
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.Anodising_Vessel.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Anodising Vessel
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.Drying_Mat.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Drying Mat
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.Evaporator_Pan.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Evaporator Pan
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.Ore_Cooker.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Cooker
fe.protection.explode.tfcudarymod.tile.empty.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Block
fe.protection.explode.weightingscales.tile.Scale.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Scales
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.flax_plant.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flax Plant
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.gong.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gong.name
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.grandfatherClock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grandfather Clock
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.grindstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grindstone Base
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.loot_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Loot Chest
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.micro_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sculpture
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.pedestal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Unidentified Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.plank_saw.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Saw Bench
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.statue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.table_press.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Table Press
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.tikiTorch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiki Torch
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.treasurePile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Pile
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.weaponRack.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.ygcItemShelf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ygcItemShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.yegamolchattels.ygcSnowGlobe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow Globe
fe.protection.explode.zipline.ClothSheet.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ClothSheet
fe.protection.explode.zipline.LeatherBlock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE LeatherBlock
fe.protection.explode.zipline.Rope.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope
fe.protection.explode.zipline.RopeBridge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Bridge
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                 # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Neutron Collector
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.interact.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLamp.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBrassLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLantern.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBrassLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLantern.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLamp.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRedSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLantern.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioRedSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodClock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaneler.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodFurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodcase.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWooddesk.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodrack.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.interact.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodtable.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.interact.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.interact.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Alabaster.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Alabaster
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Chipped.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chipped Gem
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Exquisite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Exquisite Gem
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flawed Gem
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawless.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flawless Gem
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Normal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Normal Gem
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BismuthBronze.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bismuth Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BlackBronze.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Brass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Bronze.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Copper.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Gold.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Lead.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Platinum.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.RoseGold.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Gold Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Silver.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.SterlingSilver.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sterling Silver Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.WroughtIron.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Lantern
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chert.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Chert.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Granite.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Granite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Marble.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Marble.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Schist.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Schist.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Shale.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Shale.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Slate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBrickRaw.Slate.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBricks.name
fe.protection.interact.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MudBricks2.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chandelier
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mini-Chest
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Marker
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Collector
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Quarry
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT TNT Generator
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magnum Torch
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Peaceful Table
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spike
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Post
fe.protection.interact.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.interact.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.JABBA.barrel.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Better Barrel
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Frame
fe.protection.interact.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Acacia.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Ash.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Aspen.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Aspen Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Birch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Chestnut.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Douglas_Fir.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Douglas Fir Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Hickory.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hickory Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Kapok.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Kapok Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Maple.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Pine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sequoia.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sequoia Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Spruce.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sycamore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sycamore Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Cedar.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Cedar Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Elm.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Elm Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Willow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Stall
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StorageRack.name
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StorageRack2.name
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Warehouse
fe.protection.interact.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Warehouse2.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Big Button
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Canvas
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.target.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.cable.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.case3.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.charger.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.print.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.printer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.rack.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.raid.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.relay.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robot.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Robot.name
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.switch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT PIM
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Item Selector
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sensor
fe.protection.interact.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.interact.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.cube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.frame.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.signal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.stair.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.interact.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Supplier
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.TerraFirmaPumpkins.Melon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Glass
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.animalcrate.blockcrate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Crate
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Chest
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dire Autocrafing Table
fe.protection.interact.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Chest
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.armorStand.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Stand
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.backpack.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Backpack
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.cardboardBox.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.craftingStation.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Station
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.crate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Storage Crate
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Backpack
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.flintBlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Flint
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.lockableDoor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.locker.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Locker
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.present.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Present
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.reinforcedChest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Chest
fe.protection.interact.betterstorage.reinforcedLocker.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Locker
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockAirRoof.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Air Roof
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockAirWall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Air Wall
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockBerth.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cuchaz.ships.berth.name
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockHelm.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Helm
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockProjector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ship Projector
fe.protection.interact.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.acacia_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:acacia_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.acacia_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:acacia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.andesite_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:andesite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.andesite_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:andesite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.andesite_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:andesite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.ash_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:ash_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.aspen_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:aspen_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.basalt_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:basalt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.basalt_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:basalt_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.basalt_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:basalt_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.birch_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:birch_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.birch_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:birch_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.blue_sand.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:blue_sand.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chalk_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chalk_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chalk_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chalk_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chalk_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chalk_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chert_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chert_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chert_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chert_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chert_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chert_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chestnut_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chestnut_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chiseled_dark_quartz.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chiseled_dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.chiseled_red_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:chiseled_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_andesite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_basalt.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_basalt.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_chalk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_chalk.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_chert.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_chert.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_claystone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_claystone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_conglomerate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_conglomerate.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_dacite.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_dacite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_diorite.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_dolomite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_dolomite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_gabbro.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_gabbro.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_gneiss.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_gneiss.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_granite.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_granite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_jet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_jet.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_limestone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_limestone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_marble.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_marble.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_phyllite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_phyllite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_quartzite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_quartzite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_rhyolite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_rhyolite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_rock_salt.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_rock_salt.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_schist.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_schist.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_serpentine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_serpentine.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_shale.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_shale.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.circle_slate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:circle_slate.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.claystone_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:claystone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.claystone_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:claystone_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.claystone_tile.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:claystone_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.coarse_dirt.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:coarse_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.conglomerate_fancy_tile.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:conglomerate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.conglomerate_pillar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:conglomerate_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.conglomerate_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:conglomerate_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass_pane.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.custom_glass_wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:custom_glass_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dacite_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dacite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dacite_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dacite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dacite_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dacite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dark_oak_fence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dark_oak_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dark_prismarine.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dark_prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dark_quartz.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dark_quartz_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dark_quartz_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.diorite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:diorite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.diorite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:diorite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.diorite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:diorite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dolomite_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dolomite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dolomite_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dolomite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.dolomite_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:dolomite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.double_custom_glass_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:double_custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:double_red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.douglas_fir_plank_fence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:douglas_fir_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gabbro_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gabbro_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gabbro_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gabbro_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gabbro_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gabbro_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gneiss_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gneiss_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gneiss_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gneiss_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.gneiss_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:gneiss_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.granite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:granite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.granite_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:granite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.granite_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:granite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.granite_tile.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:granite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.green_sand.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:green_sand.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.greeni.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:Greeni.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.hickory_plank_fence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:hickory_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jet_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jet_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jet_cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jet_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jet_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jet_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jet_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jet_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jet_tile.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jet_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.jungle_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:jungle_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.kapok_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:kapok_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.limestone_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:limestone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.limestone_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:limestone_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.limestone_tile.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:limestone_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.maple_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:maple_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.marble_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:marble_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.marble_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:marble_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.marble_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:marble_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.nova_lava.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:Nova Lava.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.nova_water.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:Nova_water.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.oak_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:oak_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.phyllite_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:phyllite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.phyllite_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:phyllite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.phyllite_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:phyllite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.pine_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:pine_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.pink_sand.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:pink_sand.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.polished_andesite.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:polished_andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.polished_diorite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:polished_diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.polished_granite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:polished_granite.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.prismarine_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:prismarine_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.quartzite_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:quartzite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.quartzite_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:quartzite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.quartzite_tile.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:quartzite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.red_sand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:red_sand.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.red_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.red_sandstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:red_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rhyolite_fancy_tile.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rhyolite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rhyolite_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rhyolite_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rhyolite_tile.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rhyolite_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rock_salt_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rock_salt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rock_salt_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rock_salt_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.rock_salt_tile.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:rock_salt_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.schist_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:schist_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.schist_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:schist_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.schist_tile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:schist_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.sea_lantern.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.sequoia_plank_fence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:sequoia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.serpentine_bricks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:serpentine_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.serpentine_cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:serpentine_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.serpentine_fancy_tile.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:serpentine_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.serpentine_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:serpentine_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.serpentine_tile.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:serpentine_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.shale_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:shale_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.shale_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:shale_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.shale_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:shale_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.single_item_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:single_item_chest.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.slate_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:slate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.slate_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:slate_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.slate_tile.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:slate_tile.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.smooth_jet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:smooth_jet.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.smooth_red_sandstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:smooth_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.smooth_serpentine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:smooth_serpentine.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.spruce_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:spruce_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.spruce_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:spruce_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.sycamore_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:sycamore_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.tower.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:tower.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.white_cedar_plank_fence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:white_cedar_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.white_elm_plank_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:white_elm_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.customitems.willow_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customitems:willow_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                            # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Item Robin
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.interact.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsper.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperBlock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperDoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperFence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperGate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperLadder.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperPole.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlabDouble.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooAsperSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooAsperStairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobusta.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Campbell
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaBlock.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaDoor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaFence.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaGate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaLadder.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaPole.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaStairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimber.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberBlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberDoor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberFence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberGate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberLadder.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberPole.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberStairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGolden.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenBlock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenDoor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenFence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenGate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenLadder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenPole.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenStairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMoso.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoBlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoDoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoFence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoGate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoLadder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoPole.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlabDouble.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooMosoSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooMosoStairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassled.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledDoor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledFence.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledGate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledLadder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledPole.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledStairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlack.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackBlock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackDoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackFence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackGate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackLadder.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackPole.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackStairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlue.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueBlock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueDoor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueFence.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueGate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueLadder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBluePole.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueStairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestBlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Block
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestDoor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Door
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestFence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestGate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestLadder.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestPole.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestStairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachButtonSage.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button Sage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachHighTideBush.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT High Tide Bush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachPrideOfMadeira.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pride of Madeira
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachSeaLavender.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lavender
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachSeaLymeGrass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lyme Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachSeaSandwort.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Sandwort
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.beachShowyAster.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Showy Aster
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushBeauty.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Beautyberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushBlack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushBlue.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushElder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Elderberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushGoose.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushHuckle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Huckleberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushOrange.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orangeberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushSnow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Snowberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.berrybushStraw.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Strawberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusArmatocereusMatucanensis.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Armatocereus Matucanensis
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusBaseballBat.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Baseball Bat Cactus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusEchinocereusMetornii.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Echinocereus Metornii
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenCereus.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Cereus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenSaguaro.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Saguaro
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusMatucanaAureiflora.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Matucana Aureiflora
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusPricklyPear.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Prickly Pear
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusSnowPole.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Pole
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cactusToothpick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Toothpick Cactus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.coralBlueStaghorn.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Staghorn Coral
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.coralElegance.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Elegance Coral
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.coralFeatheredHydroid.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Feathered Hydroid Coral
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.coralPillar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pillar Coral
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.coralSunPolyps.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sun Polyps
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropBeet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Beet
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperOrange.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperRed.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperYellow.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropBroccoli.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Broccoli
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropCassava.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cassava
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropCelery.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Celery
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropCentella.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Centella
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropCorn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Corn
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropCucumber.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cucumber
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropEggplant.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Eggplant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropGreenBeans.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Green Beans
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropLaksaLeaf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Laksa Leaf
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropLeek.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Leek
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropLettuce.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lettuce
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropOnion.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Onion
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropPeanut.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Peanut
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropRice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Asian Rice
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropSacredLotus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Lotus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropSorrel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sorrel
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropSpinach.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spinach
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropTaro.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Taro
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropTomato.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropWasabi.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wasabi
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropWaterSpinach.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water Spinach
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropWatercress.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Watercress
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.cropWildRice.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wild Rice
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertApachePlume.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apache Plume
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertBrittlebush.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brittlebush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertBroadLeafGilia.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Broad Leaf Gilia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertBroomSnakeweed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Broom Snakeweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertKangarooPaw.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kangaroo Paw
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertOcotillo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ocotillo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertPeninsulaOnion.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Peninsula Onion
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertSeepwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seepwood
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.desertWhiteSage.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Sage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteApacheDwarf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apache Dwarf Mistletoe
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteArtistsConk.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Artist's Conk
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteClimbingCactus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Climbing Cactus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteCreepingMistletoe.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creeping Mistletoe
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteCrimsonCattleya.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crimson Cattleya
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteCuthbertsDendrobium.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cuthbert's Dendrobium
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteFishBoneCactus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fish Bone Cactus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteFragrantFern.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fragrant Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteHarlequinMistletoe.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Harlequin Mistletoe
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteKingOrchid.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT King Orchid
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteLanternForest.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lantern of the Forest
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteLargeFootDendrobium.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Large Foot Dendrobium
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteMistletoe.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Common Mistletoe
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteSulphurShelf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sulphur Shelf
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteTampaOrchid.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tampa Butterfly Orchid
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteTillandsiaIonantha.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tillandsia Ionantha
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteTurkeyTail.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Turkey Tail
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.epiphyteWildfire.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wildfire
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernCretanBrake.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cretan Brake Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernDwarfPalmetto.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dwarf Palmetto
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernHayScented.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Scented Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernKangaroo.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Kangaroo Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernMaidenhairSpleenwort.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Maidenhair Spleenwort
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernOstrich.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ostrich Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernScalyTree.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernSword.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sword Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fernWoodsia.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Woodsia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingDuckweed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Common Duckweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingRedRootFloater.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Root Floater
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingWaterChestnut.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingWaterHyacinth.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water Hyacinth
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLettuce.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water Lettuce
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLily.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerAchillea.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Achillea
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerAlpineThistle.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alpine Thistle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerAzalea.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Azalea
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerBegonia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Begonia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerBell.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bellflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerBirdofParadise.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bird of Paradise
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Star
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerBurningLove.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Burning Love
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerCandelabraAloe.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Candelabra Aloe
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerCarnation.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carnation
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerCelosia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Celosia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerColumbine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Columbine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerDahlia.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dahlia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerDaisy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Daisy
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerDandelion.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dandelion
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerDelphinium.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Delphinium
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerDottedBlazingstar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dotted Blazingstar
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerElephantEars.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elephant Ears
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerFoamFlower.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Foam Flower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerFuchsia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fuchsia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerGeranium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Geranium
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerGladiolus.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gladiolus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerHawkweed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hawkweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerHydrangea.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrangea
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerJacobsLadder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jacobs Ladder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerLily.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerLionsTail.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lions Tail
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerLupine.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lupine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerMarigold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marigold
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerMediterraneanSeaHolly.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mediterranean Sea Holly
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerMezereon.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mezereon
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerNemesia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nemesia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerNewGuineaImpatiens.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT New Guinea Impatiens
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerParrotsBeak.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Parrots Beak
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerPeruvianLily.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Peruvian Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerPurpleConeflower.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Coneflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerQuinoa.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Quinoa
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerRose.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Rose
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerRoseCampion.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rose Campion
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerStreamsideBluebells.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Streamside Bluebells
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerTorchLily.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Torch Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerTulip.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tulip
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerViolet.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Violet
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerWildCarrot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wild Carrot
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerWildDaffodil.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wild Daffodil
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerWoodlandPinkroot.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Woodland Pinkroot
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflax.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Toadflax
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestArcticGentian.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arctic Gentian
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestAustralianBugle.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Australian Bugle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestBloodroot.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodroot
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestBroadleafMeadowsweet.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Broadleaf Meadowsweet
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestDeadnettle.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Deadnettle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestDeceivingTrillium.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Deceiving Trillium
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestFairySlipper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fairy Slipper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestGiantAngelica.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Angelica
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestHorseweed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Horseweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestKneelingAngelica.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Kneeling Angelica
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestLilyoftheValley.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lily of the Valley
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestLongBractedOrchid.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Long-Bracted Orchid
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestMerrybells.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Merry Bells
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestNorthernPitcherPlant.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Northern Pitcher Plant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestPinesap.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pinesap
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestRedHelleborine.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Helleborine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestSalal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salal
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestSpringVetchling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spring Vetchling
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestVanillaLeaf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Leaf
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestWesternWallflower.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Western Wallflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestWildColumbine.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wild Columbine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestWildMint.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wild Mint
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestWolfsFootClubmoss.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf's-foot Clubmoss
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestWoodlandKnotweed.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Woodland Knotweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.forestYellowLadySlipper.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Lady's Slipper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusBlackPowderpuff.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Powderpuff
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusChanterelle.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chanterelle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusDeathCap.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Death Cap
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusGiantClub.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Club
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusParasol.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Parasol Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusStinkhorn.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stinkhorn
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusWeepingMilkCap.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Weeping Milk Cap
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusWoodBlewit.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Blewit
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.fungusWoollyGomphus.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Woolly Gomphus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassBlueWheatgrass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassCord.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cord Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassFountain.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fountain Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassMaiden.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Maiden Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassMeadow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Meadow Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassMeadowFoxtail.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Meadow Foxtail
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassPrairie.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Prairie Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassSeaOats.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Oats
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassSilverMoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Moor Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.grassSwitch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Switch Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverClover.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Clover
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverFlowers.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNDK.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Green Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNLT.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bright Green Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverIvy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesBRN.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Leaves
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesGRN.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Green Leaves
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverMoss.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.groundcoverTwig.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Twig
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooAsper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGiantTimber.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGolden.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooMoso.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooShortTassled.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTimorBlack.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTropicalBlue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBambooWetForest.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBlueWheatgrass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingBrittlebush.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brittlebush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersBLU.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCOR.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coral Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCYA.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersGRN.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMAG.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMIX.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Burgundy Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersORA.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPNK.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPUR.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersRED.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersROY.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Royal Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersWHT.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersYEL.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Flowers
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGGRN.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Large Green Foliage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGRED.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Large Red Foliage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGYEL.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Large Yellow Foliage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageMDGRN.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Green Foliage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageSMGRN.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Small Green Foliage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingKrisPlant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Kris Plant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingLavender.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lavender
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingPhilodendron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Philodendron
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingPricklyPear.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Prickly Pear Cactus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingScalyTree.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingWildfire.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wildfire
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.hangingWolfWillow.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Willow
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedArrowArum.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Arrow Arum
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedCommonReed.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Common Reed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedDuckPotato.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Duck Potato
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedEuropeanBurReed.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT European Bur-Reed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedGreySedge.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grey Sedge
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedSimplestemBurReed.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Simplestem Bur-Reed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedSoftstemBulrush.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Softstem Bulrush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedWaterMannagrass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water Mannagrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.immersedYellowFlag.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Flag
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleConeHeadedGuzmania.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cone-headed Guzmania
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleDevilsTongue.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Devil's Tongue
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleHoneySpurge.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Spurge
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleJungleLantern.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Lantern
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleLazarusBell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lazarus Bell
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleLobsterClaws.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lobster Claws
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleLollipopPlant.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lollipop Plant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleMadagascarPalm.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Madagascar Palm
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.junglePalmLily.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.junglePanamaQueen.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Panama Queen
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.junglePorteaAlatisepala.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Portea Alatisepala
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleRacinaeaFraseri.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Racinaea Fraseri
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleRicheaDracophylla.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Richea Dracophylla
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleShellflower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Shellflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleSilverVase.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Vase
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleStaghornClubmoss.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Staghorn Clubmoss
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleTorchGinger.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Torch Ginger
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.jungleVoodooLily.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Voodoo Lily
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyColeus.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coleus
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyDevilsShoestring.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Devil's Shoestring
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyDustyMiller.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dusty Miller
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyEmeraldPhilodendron.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Philodendron
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyKrisPlant.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kris Plant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyPaleYucca.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pale Yucca
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyPricklyLettuce.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Prickly Lettuce
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyStingingNettle.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stinging Nettle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.leafyStonecrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stonecrop
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineArmeria.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alpine Armeria
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineBellflower.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alpine Bellflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainBistort.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bistort
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainEdelweiss.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Edelweiss
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainHouseleek.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Houseleek
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainIris.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iris
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainNorthernWillowherb.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Northern Willowherb
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainScarletTrumpet.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Scarlet Trumpet
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.mountainYellowBellflower.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Bellflower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanCommonEelgrass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Common Eelgrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanCoralWeed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coral Weed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanMozuku.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mozuku
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanRockweed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rockweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanSeaGrapes.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Grapes
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanSeaLettuce.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lettuce
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.oceanTangle.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tangle
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieBrome.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Prairie Brome
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieSage.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Prairie Sage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsReedCanaryGrass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Reed Canary Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsShortrayFleabane.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Shortray Fleabane
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsSmallPasqueFlower.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Small Pasque Flower
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsSmoothAster.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Aster
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.plainsThreeFloweredAvens.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Three-Flowered Avens
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverAmazonSword.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amazon Sword
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverCanadianWaterweed.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Canadian Waterweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverCoonsTail.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coon's Tail
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverEelgrass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eelgrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverWaterWisteria.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Water Wisteria
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.riverWrightsWaternymph.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wright's Waternymph
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaButterflyWeed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Butterfly Weed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaHoaryVervain.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hoary Vervain
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaLeadplant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Leadplant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaMarcela.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marcela
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaNorthernBedstraw.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Northern Bedstraw
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaPiersonsMilkVetch.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pierson's Milk Vetch
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaPropellerPlant.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Propeller Plant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaShonaCabbage.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shona Cabbage
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.savannaTexasTickseed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Texas Tickseed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubAlpineCurrant.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alpine Currant
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubBarberry.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Barberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubBoxwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Boxwood
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubButterfly.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Butterfly
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCanyonCreekAbelia.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Canyon Creek Abelia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCapeJasmine.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cape Jasmine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCedarCylinder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cylindrical Cedar
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCedarGlobe.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Globe Cedar
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCedarPyramid.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pyramid Cedar
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCypressGreen.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Cypress
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubCypressYellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Cypress
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubDaphne.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Daphne
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubDwarfElder.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dwarf Elder
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubHolly.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Holly
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubHummingbirdBush.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hummingbird Bush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubJuniperSavin.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Savin Juniper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubKerria.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Kerria
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubLavender.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lavender
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubLindera.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lindera
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubMeadowsweet.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Meadowsweet
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubMottlecah.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mottlecah
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubNinebark.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ninebark
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubSargentViburnum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sargent Viburnum
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubSpicebush.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spicebush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubWeepingForsythia.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Weeping Forsythia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubWinterberry.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Winterberry
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.shrubWolfWillow.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wolf Willow
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBlue.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBurgundy.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Burgundy Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCoral.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coral Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCyan.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersGreen.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersMagenta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersOrange.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPink.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPurple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRoyal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Royal Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersWhite.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineFlowersYellow.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Flowering Vine
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineJapaneseIvy.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Japanese Ivy
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineSilverveinCreeper.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silvervein Creeper
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineSpanishMoss.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spanish Moss
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineSwedishIvy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Swedish Ivy
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.vineVariegatedPersianIvy.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Variegated Persian Ivy
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooAsper.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Asper Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGiantTimber.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Timber Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGolden.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooMoso.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moso Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooShortTassled.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Short-Tassled Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTimorBlack.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timor Black Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTropicalBlue.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Blue Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooWetForest.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wet Forest Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketGoldCurl.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Curled Gold Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketIronCurl.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Curled Iron Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketStone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodAcacia.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodBirch.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodDarkOak.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodJungle.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodOak.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodSpruce.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterBambooCoralYEL.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Bamboo Coral
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterCryptWendtii.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Crypt Wendtii
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterDwarfHairGrass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dwarf Hair Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantGRN.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Giant Kelp
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantYEL.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Giant Kelp
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterMondoGrass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mondo Grass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterPulsingXenia.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pulsing Xenia
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterPurpleSeaWhip.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Sea Whip
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.waterRedSeaFan.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sea Fan
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsCattails.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cattails
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsClubrush.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Clubrush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsCommonRush.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Common Rush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsFloweringRush.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flowering Rush
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsPickerelweed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pickerelweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsReedMannagrass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Reed Mannagrass
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsSwampMilkweed.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Swamp Milkweed
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsWaterHorsetail.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water Horsetail
fe.protection.interact.plantmegapack.wetlandsWhiteTurtlehead.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Turtlehead
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/-2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-1.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/-2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/0.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/-2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/0.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/-2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/-2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/0.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/-2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/0.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Anvil.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Anvil2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Anvil2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Barrel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Barrel.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Bellows.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bellows
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.BerryBush.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BerryBush.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Bloom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bloom
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Bloomery.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blast Furnace
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Bookshelf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ButtonWood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Button
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Cactus.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Charcoal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Chest_TFC.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Clay.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Clay2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Clay Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Clay Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ClayPottery.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Crops.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Crucible.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Detailed.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Detailed
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Dirt.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Dirt2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorAcacia.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorAsh.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorAspen.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aspen Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorBirch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorChestnut.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorDouglasFir.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorHickory.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hickory Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorKapok.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Kapok Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorMaple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorOak.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorPine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorSequoia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sequoia Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorSpruce.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorSycamore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sycamore Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteCedar.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Cedar Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteElm.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Elm Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DoorWillow.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dry Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dry Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.EarlyBloomery.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bloomery
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Fence2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FireBrick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Brick Block
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Firepit.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Firepit
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Flora.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Flora.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FlowerPot.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Flowers.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Flowers2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Flowers2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FoodPrep.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Food Prep
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Forge.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Forge
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FreshWater.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water Flowing
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.FreshWaterStationary.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fresh Water
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Fungi.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Fungi.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Grass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Grass2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Gravel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Gravel2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Grill.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grill
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Hopper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.HotWater.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hot Springs Flowing
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.HotWaterStationary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hot Springs
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Ice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.IngotPile.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ingot Pile
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Lava.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Flowing
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LavaStationary.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LeatherRack.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Leather Rack
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LilyPad.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lilypad
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LitPumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LogPile.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Log Pile
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Loom.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Loom.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.LooseRock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Debris
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.MetalSheet.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Metal Sheet
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.MetalTrapDoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Molten.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ore
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Moss.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Moss
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.NestBox.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nest Box
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.OilLamp.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OilLamp.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Ore1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ore
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Ore2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ore
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Ore3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ore
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Peat.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Peat
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.PeatGrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peat Grass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Pumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Quern.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Quern Base
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Reeds.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reeds
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.SaltWater.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Water Flowing
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.SaltWaterStationary.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Water
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Sand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Sand2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.SeaGrassStill.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seagrass
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Sluice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sluice
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Smoke.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smoke
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.SmokeRack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Smoke Rack
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Snow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.SpawnMeter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Protection Meter
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgEx.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgExRock.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExBrick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgExRockBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExCobble.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgExRockCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExSmooth.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgExRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgIn.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgInRock.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInBrick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgInRockBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInCobble.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgInRockCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInSmooth.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IgInRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneMM.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MMRock.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMBrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MMRockBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMCobble.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MMRockCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMSmooth.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MMRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneSed.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SedRock.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedBrick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SedRockBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedCobble.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SedRockCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedSmooth.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SedRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.StrawHideBed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Straw & Hide Bed
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Sulfur.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.TallGrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.TallGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Thatch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thatch
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.ToolRack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Toolrack.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.TorchOff.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Extinguished Torch
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Vessel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Large Vessel
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Vine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vine
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgEx.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgIn.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickMM.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickSed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgEx.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgIn.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleMM.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleSed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgEx.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgIn.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallRawMM.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallRawSed.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgEx.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgIn.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothMM.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothSed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodConstruct.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lumber
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodHoriz.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodHoriz2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodHoriz3.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodHoriz4.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodSupportH.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Support Beam
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodSupportV.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodSupportV2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodVert.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.WoodVert2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.Workbench.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeWood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Tree
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.leaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.leaves2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.log.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.log2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.planks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.planks2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.sapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.sapling2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.stoneSlabs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Slab
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.stoneStairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stair
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.stoneStalac.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stalactite
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayRaw.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Clay Block
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStained.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClay.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStained2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClay2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayBrick2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayChiseled.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayChiseled2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled3.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayChiseled3.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled4.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayChiseled4.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled5.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayChiseled5.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayCircle.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayCircle2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPaver.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPaver2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPillar.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPillar2.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPillar3.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar4.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPillar4.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar5.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayPillar5.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayTile.name
fe.protection.interact.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.StainedClayTile2.name
fe.protection.interact.tfcautomatedbellows.BellowsDriver.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bellows Driver
fe.protection.interact.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKiln.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery Kiln
fe.protection.interact.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKilnChamber.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pottery Kiln Chamber
fe.protection.interact.tfcautomatedbellows.SteamBoiler.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Boiler
fe.protection.interact.tfcautomatedbellows.WaterFilter.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Filter
fe.protection.interact.tfccellars.CellarDoor.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cellar Door
fe.protection.interact.tfccellars.CellarShelf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cellar Shelf
fe.protection.interact.tfccellars.CellarWall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cellar Wall
fe.protection.interact.tfccellars.Ice.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.tfccellars.IceBunker.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Bunker
fe.protection.interact.tfcengineer.tile.DeepFreezer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Deep Freezer
fe.protection.interact.tfcengineer.tile.ElectricForge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Forge
fe.protection.interact.tfcengineer.tile.Fridge.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.tfcengineer.tile.InductionForge.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Induction Forge
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockFruitPress.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Press
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockRoadIgEx.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRoadIgEx.name
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockRoadIgIn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRoadIgIn.name
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockRoadMM.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRoadMM.name
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockRoadSed.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockRoadSed.name
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockTallowCandle.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.tfcm.blockTallowCandleOff.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Extinguished Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.Alloy_Calculator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Calculator
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.Anodising_Vessel.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Anodising Vessel
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.Drying_Mat.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Drying Mat
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.Evaporator_Pan.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Evaporator Pan
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.Ore_Cooker.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Cooker
fe.protection.interact.tfcudarymod.tile.empty.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Block
fe.protection.interact.weightingscales.tile.Scale.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Scales
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.flax_plant.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flax Plant
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.gong.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gong.name
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.grandfatherClock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grandfather Clock
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.grindstone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grindstone Base
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.loot_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Loot Chest
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.micro_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sculpture
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.pedestal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Unidentified Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.plank_saw.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Saw Bench
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.statue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Statue
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.table_press.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Table Press
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.tikiTorch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tiki Torch
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.treasurePile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Pile
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.weaponRack.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Rack
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.ygcItemShelf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ygcItemShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.yegamolchattels.ygcSnowGlobe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow Globe
fe.protection.interact.zipline.ClothSheet.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT ClothSheet
fe.protection.interact.zipline.LeatherBlock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT LeatherBlock
fe.protection.interact.zipline.Rope.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope
fe.protection.interact.zipline.RopeBridge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Bridge
fe.protection.place.*                                                                    # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Crystal_Matrix.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Matrix
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Dire_Crafting.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dire Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Double_Craft.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutron_Collector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Neutron Collector
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Neutronium_Compressor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Neutronium Compressor
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Resource_Block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.avaritia_resource.name
fe.protection.place.Avaritia.Triple_Craft.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Double Compressed Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Armor_Stand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBell.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioBorderlessPainting.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBorderlessPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioCase.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClipboard.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClipboard.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioClock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioDesk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioDesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancyPainting.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancyPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFancySign.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioFlatPainting.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFlatPainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLamp.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioIronLantern.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioIronLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLabel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioLantern.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMapFrames.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMapFrames.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioMiddlePainting.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioMiddlePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaintPress.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPaneler.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioPotionShelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioPotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioRack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSeats.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSeats.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioShelf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioShelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSimplePainting.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSimplePainting.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioStuffs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioStuffs.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioSwordPedestal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioSwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTable.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioTypewriter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioTypewriter.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BiblioWorkbench.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Bibliotheca.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.BookcaseFilled.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BookcaseFilled.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Printing_Press.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.Typesetting_Machine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.BiblioCraft.tile.BiblioFramedChest.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioFramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBismuthBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlackBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlackSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlackSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlueSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBlueSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLamp.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBrassLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBrassLantern.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBrassLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBronzeLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioBronzeLantern.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioBronzeLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRedSteelLamp.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioRedSteelLantern.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioRedSteelLantern.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodBookcase.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodBookcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodClock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodClock.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancySign.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancySign.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodMapFrame.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodMapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT0.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT1.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT2.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT3.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodPaintingT4.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodPaneler.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodFurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodSeat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodSeat.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodcase.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodcase.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWooddesk.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWooddesk.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodlabel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodlabel.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodpotshelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodpotshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodrack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodrack.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodshelf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodshelf.name
fe.protection.place.BiblioWoodsTFC.BiblioWoodtable.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioWoodtable.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRDevice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockBRDevice.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMetalBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMetal.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockCreativePart.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockMBCreativePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRMultiblockGlass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.brMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorPart.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockReactorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRReactorRedstonePort.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbinePart.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbinePart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.BRTurbineRotorPart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockTurbineRotorPart.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriteOre.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.brOre.name
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.YelloriumFuelRod.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Fuel Rod
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.cyanite.still.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Cyanite
fe.protection.place.BigReactors.tile.fluid.yellorium.still.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Yellorium
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBarrier.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Barrier
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBed.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Bed
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersButton.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Button
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersCollapsibleBlock.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Collapsible Block
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDaylightSensor.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersDoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersFlowerPot.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGarageDoor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Garage Door
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersGate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Gate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersHatch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Hatch
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLadder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Ladder
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersLever.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Lever
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersPressurePlate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSafe.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Safe
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersSlope.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockCarpentersSlope.name
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Stairs
fe.protection.place.CarpentersBlocks.blockCarpentersTorch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter's Torch
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Alabaster.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alabaster
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Chipped.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chipped Gem
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Exquisite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Exquisite Gem
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flawed Gem
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Flawless.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flawless Gem
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Gem.Normal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Normal Gem
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BismuthBronze.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.BlackBronze.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Brass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brass Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Bronze.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Copper.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Copper Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Gold.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Lead.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lead Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Platinum.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.RoseGold.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rose Gold Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.Silver.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silver Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.SterlingSilver.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sterling Silver Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.Lantern.WroughtIron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Lantern
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Andesite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Basalt.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Chalk.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Chert.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Chert.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Claystone.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Conglomerate.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Dacite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Diorite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Dolomite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Gabbro.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Gneiss.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Granite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Granite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Limestone.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Marble.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Marble.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Phyllite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Quartzite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Rhyolite.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.RockSalt.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Schist.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Schist.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Shale.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Shale.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBrickRaw.Slate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBrickRaw.Slate.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBricks.name
fe.protection.place.DecorationsTFC.MudBricks2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.MudBricks2.name
fe.protection.place.EnderStorage.enderChest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderchest.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.chargePad.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.chargePad.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankController.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankController.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.enderTankPart.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankPart.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.endertech.multiblockGlass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderTankMultiblockGlass.name
fe.protection.place.EnderTech.healthPad.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.healthPad.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.angelBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.block_bedrockium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bedrockium
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.budoff.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:budoff.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chandelier.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chandelier
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestFull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Slightly Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.chestMini.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mini-Chest
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cobblestone_compressed.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:cobblestone_compressed.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorStoneBrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorStoneBrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.colorWoodPlanks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:colorWoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockCoal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockCoal.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockLapis.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockLapis.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_blockRedstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_blockRedstone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_brick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_brick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_hellsand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_hellsand.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_lightgem.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_lightgem.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_obsidian.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_quartzBlock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_redstoneLight.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_redstoneLight.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stone.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.color_stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:color_stonebrick.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.conveyor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.cursedearthside.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.curtains.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blackout Curtains
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.dark_portal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Portal to The Deep Dark
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.datablock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:datablock.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.decorativeBlock2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:decorativeBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.drum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:drum.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endConstructor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:endConstructor.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.endMarker.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Marker
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderCollector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Collector
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarry.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ender Quarry
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderQuarryUpgrade.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:enderQuarryUpgrade.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.enderThermicPump.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Thermic Pump
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.etherealglass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:etherealglass.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.extractor_base_remote.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:extractor_base_remote.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.filing.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Filing Cabinet
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.64.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:generator.64.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.generator.8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE TNT Generator
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.greenscreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Caelestis
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.magnumTorch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magnum Torch
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.peaceful_table_top.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peaceful Table
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pipes.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pipes.1.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.plant/ender_lilly.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ender-Lily Seeds
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.pureLove.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:pureLove.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.sound_muffler.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils:sound_muffler.name
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_gold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.spike_base_wood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spike
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.timer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trading_post.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trading Post
fe.protection.place.ExtraUtilities.trashcan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.ForgeMultipart.block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.multipart.name
fe.protection.place.ForgeRelocation.relocation.blockmovingrow.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.relocation.blockmovingrow.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.clothDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.concreteTileStairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.fakeLight.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.hemp.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Hemp
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDecoration2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalDevice2.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.metalMultiblock.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storage.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.storageSlab.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.treatedWood.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenDevice.name
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.ImmersiveEngineering.woodenStairs2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Treated Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.JABBA.barrel.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Better Barrel
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.frame.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frame
fe.protection.place.MCFrames.mcframes.motor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mcframes.motor.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BasicBlock2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.BoundingBlock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.CardboardBox.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.EnergyCube.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GasTank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.GlowPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.MachineBlock3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ObsidianTNT.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.OreBlock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticBlock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.PlasticFence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.ReinforcedPlasticBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.RoadPlasticBlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SaltBlock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.Mekanism.SlickPlasticBlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Generator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.Reactor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.MekanismGenerators.ReactorGlass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BismuthBronze2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bismuth Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackBronze2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlackSteel2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.BlueSteel2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Brass2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brass Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Bronze2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Copper2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Copper Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Gold2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Lead2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lead Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Nickel2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Platinum2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RedSteel2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.RoseGold2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rose Gold Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Silver2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.Steel2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steel Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.SterlingSilver2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sterling Silver Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.AnvilDie.WroughtIron2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wrought Iron Anvil Die
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Acacia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Ash.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ash Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Aspen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Aspen Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Chestnut.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Douglas_Fir.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Douglas Fir Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Hickory.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hickory Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Kapok.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Kapok Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Maple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Pine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pine Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sequoia.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sequoia Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Sycamore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sycamore Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Cedar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Cedar Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.White_Elm.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Elm Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Stall.Willow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stall
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.StorageRack.name
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.StorageRack2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.StorageRack2.name
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Warehouse
fe.protection.place.MerchantsTFC.Warehouse2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Warehouse2.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoanvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.autoenchantmenttable.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.beartrap.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.bigbutton.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Big Button
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockPlacer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.blockbreaker.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.builder_guide.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.cannon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvas.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.canvasglass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass Canvas
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.donationStation.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.drawingtable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.elevator_rotating.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.fan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.flag.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.goldenegg.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.grave.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.guide.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.heal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.imaginary.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.itemDropper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintcan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.paintmixer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.path.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.projector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.ropeladder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.scaffolding.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sky.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.sprinkler.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.tank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.target.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.trophy.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.vacuumhopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.village_highlighter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpbottler.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpdrain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.OpenBlocks.xpshower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.accessPoint.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE §cAccess Point§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.adapter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.assembler.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.cable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.capacitor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.case3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.caseCreative.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.chameliumBlock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.charger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.disassembler.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.diskDrive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.endstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.geolyzer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.hologram2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.keyboard.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.microcontroller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.motionSensor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.netSplitter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerConverter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.powerDistributor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.print.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.printer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.rack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.raid.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.redstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.relay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Robot.name
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.robotAfterimage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.screen3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.switch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE §cSwitch§7
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.transposer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.OpenComputers.waypoint.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.glassesbridge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terminal Glasses Bridge
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.pim.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE PIM
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.selector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Item Selector
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.sensor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sensor
fe.protection.place.OpenPeripheral.ticketmachine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockMulti.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMultiBlock.name
fe.protection.place.PortalGun.Portal_BlockPortal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.PortalMod.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Expansion.projectred.expansion.machine2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Fabrication.projectred.integration.icblock.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.integration.icblock.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.airousLight.*           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.airousLight.name
fe.protection.place.ProjRed|Illumination.projectred.illumination.lamp.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.abyssal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.bloodstained.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.frostbound.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.infernal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.nether.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.quarried.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.brick.sandy.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.cube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.cube.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.firestone.recharge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Recharging Firestone
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.creosote.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.fluid.steam.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.frame.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Strengthened Glass
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.metal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.lantern.stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.lantern.stone.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.alpha.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.beta.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.delta.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.delta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.epsilon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.epsilon.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.machine.gamma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.machine.gamma.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.post.metal.platform.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.signal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.slab.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.stair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.stair.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.track.elevator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.alpha.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.alpha.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.wall.beta.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.wall.beta.name
fe.protection.place.Railcraft.worldlogic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBUDName.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableBreakerName.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCamouflageName.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableClusterName.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableCreativeName.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Supplier
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableInputName.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableIntakeName.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableName.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableOutputName.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableRelayName.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockCableSignName.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.StevesFactoryManager.BlockMachineManagerName.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.TerraFirmaPumpkins.Melon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_16.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_32.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_48.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalDynamics.ThermalDynamics_64.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cache.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Cell.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Device.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Dynamo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirBarrier.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirForce.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirLight.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.FakeAirSignal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Frame.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.frame.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Glass
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Light.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE 6-Mode Lighting
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Machine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Plate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.plate.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Rockwool.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Sponge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.sponge.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Strongbox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Tesseract.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.ender.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalExpansion.Workbench.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.workbench.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidAerotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCoal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquifacted Coal
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidCryotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidEnder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidGlowstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidMana.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPetrotheum.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidPyrotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidRedstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.FluidSteam.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.ThermalFoundation.Storage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.animalcrate.blockcrate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Animal Crate
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.CompressedChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Chest
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.ExtremeAutoCrafter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dire Autocrafing Table
fe.protection.place.avaritiaddons.InfinityChest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Chest
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.armorStand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Armor Stand
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.backpack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.cardboardBox.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.craftingStation.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Station
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.crate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Storage Crate
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.enderBackpack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Backpack
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.flintBlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flint
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.lockableDoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Locked Iron Door
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.locker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Locker
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.present.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Present
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.reinforcedChest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Chest
fe.protection.place.betterstorage.reinforcedLocker.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Locker
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockAirRoof.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Air Roof
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockAirWall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Air Wall
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockBerth.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cuchaz.ships.berth.name
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockHelm.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Helm
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockProjector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ship Projector
fe.protection.place.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cuchaz.ships.blockShip.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.acacia_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:acacia_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.acacia_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:acacia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.andesite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:andesite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.andesite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:andesite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.andesite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:andesite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.andesite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:andesite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.ash_plank_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:ash_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.aspen_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:aspen_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.basalt_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:basalt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.basalt_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:basalt_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.basalt_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:basalt_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.birch_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:birch_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.birch_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:birch_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.blue_sand.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:blue_sand.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chalk_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chalk_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chalk_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chalk_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chalk_tile.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chalk_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chert_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chert_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chert_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chert_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chert_tile.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chert_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chestnut_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chestnut_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chiseled_dark_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chiseled_dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.chiseled_red_sandstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:chiseled_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_andesite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_basalt.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_basalt.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_chalk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_chalk.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_chert.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_chert.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_claystone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_claystone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_conglomerate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_conglomerate.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_dacite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_dacite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_diorite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_dolomite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_dolomite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_gabbro.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_gabbro.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_gneiss.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_gneiss.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_granite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_granite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_jet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_jet.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_limestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_limestone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_marble.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_marble.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_phyllite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_phyllite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_quartzite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_quartzite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_rhyolite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_rhyolite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_rock_salt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_rock_salt.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_schist.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_schist.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_serpentine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_serpentine.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_shale.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_shale.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.circle_slate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:circle_slate.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.claystone_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:claystone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.claystone_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:claystone_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.claystone_tile.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:claystone_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.coarse_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:coarse_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.conglomerate_fancy_tile.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:conglomerate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.conglomerate_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:conglomerate_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.conglomerate_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:conglomerate_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass_pane.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.custom_glass_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:custom_glass_wall.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dacite_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dacite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dacite_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dacite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dacite_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dacite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dark_oak_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dark_oak_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dark_prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dark_prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dark_quartz.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dark_quartz.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dark_quartz_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dark_quartz_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.diorite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:diorite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.diorite_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:diorite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.diorite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:diorite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.diorite_tile.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:diorite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dolomite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dolomite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dolomite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dolomite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.dolomite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:dolomite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.double_custom_glass_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:double_custom_glass_slab.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.double_red_sandstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:double_red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.douglas_fir_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:douglas_fir_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gabbro_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gabbro_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gabbro_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gabbro_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gabbro_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gabbro_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gneiss_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gneiss_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gneiss_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gneiss_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.gneiss_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:gneiss_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.granite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:granite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.granite_fancy_tile.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:granite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.granite_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:granite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.granite_tile.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:granite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.green_sand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:green_sand.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.greeni.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:Greeni.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.hickory_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:hickory_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jet_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jet_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jet_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jet_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jet_fancy_tile.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jet_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jet_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jet_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jet_tile.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jet_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.jungle_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:jungle_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.kapok_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:kapok_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.limestone_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:limestone_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.limestone_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:limestone_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.limestone_tile.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:limestone_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.maple_plank_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:maple_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.marble_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:marble_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.marble_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:marble_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.marble_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:marble_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.nova_lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:Nova Lava.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.nova_water.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:Nova_water.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.oak_plank_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:oak_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.phyllite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:phyllite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.phyllite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:phyllite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.phyllite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:phyllite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.pine_plank_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:pine_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.pink_sand.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:pink_sand.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.polished_andesite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:polished_andesite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.polished_diorite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:polished_diorite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.polished_granite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:polished_granite.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.prismarine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.prismarine_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:prismarine_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.quartzite_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:quartzite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.quartzite_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:quartzite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.quartzite_tile.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:quartzite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.red_sand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:red_sand.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.red_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.red_sandstone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:red_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:red_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rhyolite_fancy_tile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rhyolite_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rhyolite_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rhyolite_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rhyolite_tile.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rhyolite_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rock_salt_fancy_tile.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rock_salt_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rock_salt_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rock_salt_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.rock_salt_tile.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:rock_salt_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.schist_fancy_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:schist_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.schist_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:schist_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.schist_tile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:schist_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.sea_lantern.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.sequoia_plank_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:sequoia_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.serpentine_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:serpentine_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.serpentine_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:serpentine_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.serpentine_fancy_tile.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:serpentine_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.serpentine_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:serpentine_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.serpentine_tile.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:serpentine_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.shale_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:shale_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.shale_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:shale_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.shale_tile.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:shale_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.single_item_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:single_item_chest.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.slate_fancy_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:slate_fancy_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.slate_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:slate_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.slate_tile.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:slate_tile.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.smooth_jet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:smooth_jet.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.smooth_red_sandstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:smooth_red_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.smooth_serpentine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:smooth_serpentine.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.spruce_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:spruce_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.spruce_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:spruce_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.sycamore_plank_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:sycamore_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.tower.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:tower.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.white_cedar_plank_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:white_cedar_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.white_elm_plank_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:white_elm_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.customitems.willow_plank_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customitems:willow_plank_fence.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendablePost.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Extendable Wooden Post
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.extendedPost.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Post Extension
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.inductionCharger.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:inductionCharger.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.industrialCokeOven.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Coke Oven
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.itemRobin.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Item Robin
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.redstoneWireConnector.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Wire Connector
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelDecoration.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.immersiveintegration:steelDecoration.name
fe.protection.place.immersiveintegration.steelTrapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierFourBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 5) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierOneBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 2) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierThreeBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 4) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierTwoBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 3) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.baseTierWood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base (Tier 1) 
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.disposeItemTurret.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFive.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierFour.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierOne.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierThree.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderInvTierTwo.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Base Inventory Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFive.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierFour.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierOne.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierThree.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expanderPowerTierTwo.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Base Power Expander (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierFour.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierOne.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierThree.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.fenceTierTwo.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fence (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.grenadeTurret.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFive.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 5)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierFour.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 4)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierOne.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierThree.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.hardWallTierTwo.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hard Wall (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.incendiaryTurret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.laserTurret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.leverBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.machineGunTurret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.potatoCannonTurret.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.railGunTurret.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.relativisticTurret.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rocketTurret.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.teleporterTurret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperBlock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperFence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperGate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperLadder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperPole.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperSlabDouble.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooAsperSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooAsperStairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobusta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Campbell
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaBlock.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaDoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaFence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaGate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaLadder.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaPole.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooFargesiaRobustaSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooFargesiaRobustaStairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimber.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberBlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberDoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberFence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberGate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberLadder.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberPole.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooGiantTimberSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGiantTimberStairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGolden.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenBlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenDoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenFence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenGate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenLadder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenPole.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooGoldenSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooGoldenStairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMoso.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoBlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoDoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoFence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoGate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoLadder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoPole.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoSlabDouble.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooMosoSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooMosoStairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassled.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledDoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledFence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledGate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledLadder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledPole.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooShortTassledSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooShortTassledStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackBlock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackDoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackFence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackGate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackLadder.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackPole.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooTimorBlackSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTimorBlackStairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueBlock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueDoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueFence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueGate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueLadder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBluePole.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooTropicalBlueSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooTropicalBlueStairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestBlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Block
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestDoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Door
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestFence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestGate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Gate
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestLadder.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestPole.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bambooWetForestSlabDouble.name
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.bambooWetForestStairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachButtonSage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Button Sage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachHighTideBush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE High Tide Bush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachPrideOfMadeira.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pride of Madeira
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachSeaLavender.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lavender
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachSeaLymeGrass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lyme Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachSeaSandwort.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sea Sandwort
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.beachShowyAster.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Showy Aster
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushBeauty.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beautyberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushBlack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushBlue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushElder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Elderberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushGoose.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushHuckle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Huckleberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushOrange.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orangeberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushSnow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Snowberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.berrybushStraw.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Strawberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusArmatocereusMatucanensis.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Armatocereus Matucanensis
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusBaseballBat.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Baseball Bat Cactus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusEchinocereusMetornii.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Echinocereus Metornii
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenCereus.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golden Cereus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusGoldenSaguaro.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Golden Saguaro
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusMatucanaAureiflora.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Matucana Aureiflora
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusPricklyPear.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Prickly Pear
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusSnowPole.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Pole
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cactusToothpick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Toothpick Cactus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.coralBlueStaghorn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Staghorn Coral
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.coralElegance.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Elegance Coral
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.coralFeatheredHydroid.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Feathered Hydroid Coral
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.coralPillar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pillar Coral
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.coralSunPolyps.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sun Polyps
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropBeet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Beet
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperOrange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Bell Pepper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperRed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Bell Pepper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropBellPepperYellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Bell Pepper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropBroccoli.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Broccoli
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropCassava.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cassava
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropCelery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Celery
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropCentella.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Centella
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropCorn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Corn
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropCucumber.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cucumber
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropEggplant.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eggplant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropGreenBeans.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Green Beans
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropLaksaLeaf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Laksa Leaf
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropLeek.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leek
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropLettuce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lettuce
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropOnion.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Onion
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropPeanut.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Peanut
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropRice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Asian Rice
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropSacredLotus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Lotus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropSorrel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sorrel
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropSpinach.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spinach
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropTaro.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Taro
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropTomato.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tomato
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropWasabi.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wasabi
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropWaterSpinach.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water Spinach
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropWatercress.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Watercress
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.cropWildRice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wild Rice
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertApachePlume.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apache Plume
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertBrittlebush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brittlebush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertBroadLeafGilia.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Broad Leaf Gilia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertBroomSnakeweed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Broom Snakeweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertKangarooPaw.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kangaroo Paw
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertOcotillo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ocotillo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertPeninsulaOnion.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peninsula Onion
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertSeepwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Seepwood
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.desertWhiteSage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Sage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteApacheDwarf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apache Dwarf Mistletoe
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteArtistsConk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Artist's Conk
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteClimbingCactus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Climbing Cactus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteCreepingMistletoe.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Creeping Mistletoe
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteCrimsonCattleya.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cattleya
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteCuthbertsDendrobium.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cuthbert's Dendrobium
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteFishBoneCactus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fish Bone Cactus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteFragrantFern.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fragrant Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteHarlequinMistletoe.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Harlequin Mistletoe
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteKingOrchid.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE King Orchid
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteLanternForest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lantern of the Forest
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteLargeFootDendrobium.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Large Foot Dendrobium
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteMistletoe.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Common Mistletoe
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteSulphurShelf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sulphur Shelf
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteTampaOrchid.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tampa Butterfly Orchid
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteTillandsiaIonantha.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tillandsia Ionantha
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteTurkeyTail.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Turkey Tail
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.epiphyteWildfire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wildfire
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernCretanBrake.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cretan Brake Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernDwarfPalmetto.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dwarf Palmetto
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernHayScented.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hay Scented Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernKangaroo.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kangaroo Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernMaidenhairSpleenwort.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Maidenhair Spleenwort
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernOstrich.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ostrich Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernScalyTree.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernSword.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sword Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fernWoodsia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Woodsia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingDuckweed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Common Duckweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingRedRootFloater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Root Floater
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingWaterChestnut.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingWaterHyacinth.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Hyacinth
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLettuce.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water Lettuce
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.floatingWaterLily.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerAchillea.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Achillea
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerAlpineThistle.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alpine Thistle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerAzalea.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Azalea
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerBegonia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Begonia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerBell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bellflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerBirdofParadise.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bird of Paradise
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerBlueStar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Star
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerBurningLove.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Burning Love
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerCandelabraAloe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Candelabra Aloe
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerCarnation.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carnation
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerCelosia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Celosia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerColumbine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Columbine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerDahlia.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dahlia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerDaisy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Daisy
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerDandelion.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dandelion
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerDelphinium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Delphinium
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerDottedBlazingstar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dotted Blazingstar
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerElephantEars.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elephant Ears
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerFoamFlower.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Foam Flower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerFuchsia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fuchsia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerGeranium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Geranium
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerGladiolus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gladiolus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerHawkweed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hawkweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerHydrangea.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hydrangea
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerJacobsLadder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jacobs Ladder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerLily.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerLionsTail.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lions Tail
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerLupine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lupine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerMarigold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marigold
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerMediterraneanSeaHolly.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mediterranean Sea Holly
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerMezereon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mezereon
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerNemesia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nemesia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerNewGuineaImpatiens.*                             # (default: true) PLACE New Guinea Impatiens
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerParrotsBeak.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Parrots Beak
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerPeruvianLily.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peruvian Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerPurpleConeflower.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Coneflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerQuinoa.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quinoa
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerRose.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rose
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerRoseCampion.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rose Campion
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerStreamsideBluebells.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Streamside Bluebells
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerTorchLily.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torch Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerTulip.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tulip
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerViolet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Violet
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerWildCarrot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wild Carrot
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerWildDaffodil.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wild Daffodil
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerWoodlandPinkroot.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Woodland Pinkroot
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.flowerYellowToadflax.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Toadflax
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestArcticGentian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arctic Gentian
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestAustralianBugle.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Australian Bugle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestBloodroot.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bloodroot
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestBroadleafMeadowsweet.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Broadleaf Meadowsweet
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestDeadnettle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Deadnettle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestDeceivingTrillium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Deceiving Trillium
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestFairySlipper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fairy Slipper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestGiantAngelica.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Giant Angelica
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestHorseweed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Horseweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestKneelingAngelica.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kneeling Angelica
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestLilyoftheValley.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lily of the Valley
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestLongBractedOrchid.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Long-Bracted Orchid
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestMerrybells.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Merry Bells
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestNorthernPitcherPlant.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Northern Pitcher Plant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestPinesap.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pinesap
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestRedHelleborine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Helleborine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestSalal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salal
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestSpringVetchling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spring Vetchling
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestVanillaLeaf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Leaf
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestWesternWallflower.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Western Wallflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestWildColumbine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wild Columbine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestWildMint.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wild Mint
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestWolfsFootClubmoss.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wolf's-foot Clubmoss
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestWoodlandKnotweed.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Woodland Knotweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.forestYellowLadySlipper.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Lady's Slipper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusBlackPowderpuff.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Powderpuff
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusChanterelle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chanterelle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusDeathCap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Death Cap
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusGiantClub.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Giant Club
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusParasol.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Parasol Mushroom
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusStinkhorn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stinkhorn
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusWeepingMilkCap.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Weeping Milk Cap
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusWoodBlewit.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood Blewit
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.fungusWoollyGomphus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Woolly Gomphus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassBlueWheatgrass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassCord.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cord Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassFountain.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fountain Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassMaiden.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maiden Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassMeadow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Meadow Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassMeadowFoxtail.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Meadow Foxtail
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassPrairie.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Prairie Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassSeaOats.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sea Oats
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassSilverMoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silver Moor Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.grassSwitch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Switch Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverClover.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Clover
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverFlowers.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNDK.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Green Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverGrassGRNLT.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bright Green Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverIvy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesBRN.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Leaves
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverLeavesGRN.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Green Leaves
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverMoss.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.groundcoverTwig.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Twig
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooAsper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGiantTimber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooGolden.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooMoso.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooShortTassled.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTimorBlack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooTropicalBlue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBambooWetForest.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBlueWheatgrass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wheatgrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingBrittlebush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brittlebush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersBLU.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCOR.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coral Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersCYA.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersGRN.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMAG.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersMIX.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Burgundy Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersORA.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPNK.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersPUR.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersRED.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersROY.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Royal Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersWHT.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFlowersYEL.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Flowers
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGGRN.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Large Green Foliage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGRED.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Large Red Foliage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageLGYEL.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Large Yellow Foliage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageMDGRN.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Medium Green Foliage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingFoliageSMGRN.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Small Green Foliage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingKrisPlant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kris Plant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingLavender.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lavender
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingPhilodendron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Philodendron
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingPricklyPear.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Prickly Pear Cactus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingScalyTree.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Scaly Tree Fern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingWildfire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wildfire
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.hangingWolfWillow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Willow
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedArrowArum.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arrow Arum
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedCommonReed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Common Reed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedDuckPotato.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Duck Potato
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedEuropeanBurReed.*                              # (default: true) PLACE European Bur-Reed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedGreySedge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grey Sedge
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedSimplestemBurReed.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Simplestem Bur-Reed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedSoftstemBulrush.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Softstem Bulrush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedWaterMannagrass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Mannagrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.immersedYellowFlag.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Flag
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleConeHeadedGuzmania.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cone-headed Guzmania
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleDevilsTongue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Tongue
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleHoneySpurge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Honey Spurge
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleJungleLantern.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Lantern
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleLazarusBell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lazarus Bell
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleLobsterClaws.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lobster Claws
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleLollipopPlant.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lollipop Plant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleMadagascarPalm.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Madagascar Palm
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.junglePalmLily.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Palm Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.junglePanamaQueen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Panama Queen
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.junglePorteaAlatisepala.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Portea Alatisepala
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleRacinaeaFraseri.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Racinaea Fraseri
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleRicheaDracophylla.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Richea Dracophylla
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleShellflower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Shellflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleSilverVase.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Vase
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleStaghornClubmoss.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Staghorn Clubmoss
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleTorchGinger.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torch Ginger
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.jungleVoodooLily.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Voodoo Lily
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyColeus.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Coleus
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyDevilsShoestring.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Devil's Shoestring
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyDustyMiller.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dusty Miller
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyEmeraldPhilodendron.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Philodendron
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyKrisPlant.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kris Plant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyPaleYucca.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pale Yucca
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyPricklyLettuce.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Prickly Lettuce
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyStingingNettle.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stinging Nettle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.leafyStonecrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stonecrop
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineArmeria.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Alpine Armeria
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainAlpineBellflower.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Alpine Bellflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainBistort.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bistort
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainEdelweiss.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Edelweiss
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainHouseleek.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Houseleek
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainIris.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iris
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainNorthernWillowherb.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Northern Willowherb
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainScarletTrumpet.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Scarlet Trumpet
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.mountainYellowBellflower.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Bellflower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanCommonEelgrass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Common Eelgrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanCoralWeed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coral Weed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanMozuku.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mozuku
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanRockweed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rockweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanSeaGrapes.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sea Grapes
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanSeaLettuce.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lettuce
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.oceanTangle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tangle
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieBrome.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Prairie Brome
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsPrairieSage.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Prairie Sage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsReedCanaryGrass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Reed Canary Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsShortrayFleabane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Shortray Fleabane
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsSmallPasqueFlower.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Small Pasque Flower
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsSmoothAster.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Aster
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.plainsThreeFloweredAvens.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Three-Flowered Avens
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverAmazonSword.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amazon Sword
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverCanadianWaterweed.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Canadian Waterweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverCoonsTail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coon's Tail
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverEelgrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eelgrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverWaterWisteria.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water Wisteria
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.riverWrightsWaternymph.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wright's Waternymph
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaButterflyWeed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Butterfly Weed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaHoaryVervain.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hoary Vervain
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaLeadplant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Leadplant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaMarcela.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marcela
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaNorthernBedstraw.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Northern Bedstraw
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaPiersonsMilkVetch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pierson's Milk Vetch
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaPropellerPlant.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Propeller Plant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaShonaCabbage.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shona Cabbage
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.savannaTexasTickseed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Texas Tickseed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubAlpineCurrant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alpine Currant
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubBarberry.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Barberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubBoxwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Boxwood
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubButterfly.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Butterfly
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCanyonCreekAbelia.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Canyon Creek Abelia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCapeJasmine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cape Jasmine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCedarCylinder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cylindrical Cedar
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCedarGlobe.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Globe Cedar
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCedarPyramid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pyramid Cedar
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCypressGreen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Cypress
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubCypressYellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Cypress
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubDaphne.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Daphne
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubDwarfElder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dwarf Elder
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubHolly.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Holly
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubHummingbirdBush.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hummingbird Bush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubJuniperSavin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Savin Juniper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubKerria.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Kerria
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubLavender.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavender
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubLindera.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lindera
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubMeadowsweet.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Meadowsweet
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubMottlecah.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mottlecah
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubNinebark.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ninebark
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubSargentViburnum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sargent Viburnum
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubSpicebush.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spicebush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubWeepingForsythia.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Weeping Forsythia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubWinterberry.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Winterberry
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.shrubWolfWillow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wolf Willow
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBlue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersBurgundy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Burgundy Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCoral.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coral Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersCyan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersGreen.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersMagenta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersOrange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPink.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersPurple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersRoyal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Royal Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersWhite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineFlowersYellow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Flowering Vine
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineJapaneseIvy.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Japanese Ivy
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineSilverveinCreeper.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silvervein Creeper
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineSpanishMoss.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spanish Moss
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineSwedishIvy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Swedish Ivy
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.vineVariegatedPersianIvy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Variegated Persian Ivy
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooAsper.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Asper Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooFargesiaRobusta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fargesia Robusta Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGiantTimber.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Timber Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooGolden.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooMoso.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moso Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooShortTassled.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Short-Tassled Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTimorBlack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Timor Black Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooTropicalBlue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Blue Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketBambooWetForest.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Wet Forest Bamboo Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketGoldCurl.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Curled Gold Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketIronCurl.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Curled Iron Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketStone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodAcacia.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodBirch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodDarkOak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodJungle.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodOak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wallBracketWoodSpruce.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Wall Bracket
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterBambooCoralYEL.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Bamboo Coral
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterCryptWendtii.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crypt Wendtii
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterDwarfHairGrass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dwarf Hair Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantGRN.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Giant Kelp
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterKelpGiantYEL.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Giant Kelp
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterMondoGrass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mondo Grass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterPulsingXenia.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pulsing Xenia
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterPurpleSeaWhip.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Sea Whip
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.waterRedSeaFan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sea Fan
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsCattails.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cattails
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsClubrush.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clubrush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsCommonRush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Common Rush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsFloweringRush.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Flowering Rush
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsPickerelweed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pickerelweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsReedMannagrass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Reed Mannagrass
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsSwampMilkweed.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Swamp Milkweed
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsWaterHorsetail.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Horsetail
fe.protection.place.plantmegapack.wetlandsWhiteTurtlehead.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Turtlehead
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-1/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-1/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/-1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/-2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/-2/2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/0/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/1/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/1/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/-1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/-2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/ice/2/2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/-2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-1/2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/-2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/-2/2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/-2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/0.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/0/2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/-2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/1/2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/-2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/0.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.FreshWaterStationary/2/2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/-2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-1/2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/-2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/-2/2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/-2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/0.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/0/2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/-2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/1/2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/-2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/0.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.streams.river/tile.LavaStationary/2/2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Anvil.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Anvil.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Anvil2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Anvil2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ArmourStand2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ArmourStand.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Barrel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Barrel.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Bellows.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bellows
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.BerryBush.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BerryBush.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Bloom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bloom
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Bloomery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blast Furnace
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Bookshelf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ButtonWood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Button
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Cactus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Charcoal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Charcoal
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Chest_TFC.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Clay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Clay2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Clay Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ClayGrass2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Clay Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ClayPottery.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pottery
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Crops.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Crucible.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Detailed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Detailed
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Dirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Dirt2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorAcacia.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorAsh.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ash Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorAspen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aspen Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorBirch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorChestnut.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorDouglasFir.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Douglas Fir Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorHickory.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hickory Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorKapok.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Kapok Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorMaple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorOak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorPine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pine Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorSequoia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sequoia Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorSpruce.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorSycamore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sycamore Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteCedar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Cedar Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorWhiteElm.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Elm Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DoorWillow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dry Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.DryGrass2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dry Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.EarlyBloomery.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bloomery
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Fence2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.FenceTFC.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FenceGate2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.FenceGateTFC.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FireBrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fire Brick Block
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Firepit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Firepit
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Flora.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Flora.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FlowerPot.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Flowers.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.Flowers.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Flowers2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Flowers2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FoodPrep.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Food Prep
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Forge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Forge
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FreshWater.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water Flowing
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.FreshWaterStationary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fresh Water
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Fungi.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Fungi.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Grass2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Gravel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Gravel2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Grill.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grill
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Hopper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.HotWater.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hot Springs Flowing
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.HotWaterStationary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hot Springs
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.IngotPile.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ingot Pile
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Lava.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava Flowing
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LavaStationary.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LeatherRack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leather Rack
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LilyPad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lilypad
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LitPumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LogPile.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Log Pile
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Loom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Loom.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.LooseRock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Debris
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.MetalSheet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Metal Sheet
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.MetalTrapDoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Trap Door
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Molten.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ore
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Moss.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moss
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.NestBox.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nest Box
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.OilLamp.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.OilLamp.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Ore1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ore
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Ore2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ore
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Ore3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ore
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Peat.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Peat
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.PeatGrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peat Grass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Pumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Quern.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Quern Base
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Reeds.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Reeds
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.SaltWater.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water Flowing
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.SaltWaterStationary.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Salt Water
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Sand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Sand2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.SeaGrassStill.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seagrass
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Sluice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sluice
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Smoke.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Smoke
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.SmokeRack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Smoke Rack
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Snow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.SpawnMeter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Protection Meter
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgEx.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgExRock.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExBrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgExRockBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExCobble.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgExRockCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgExSmooth.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgExRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgIn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgInRock.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInBrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgInRockBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInCobble.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgInRockCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneIgInSmooth.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IgInRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneMM.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.MMRock.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMBrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.MMRockBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMCobble.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MMRockCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneMMSmooth.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MMRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneSed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SedRock.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedBrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.SedRockBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedCobble.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SedRockCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StoneSedSmooth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SedRockSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.StrawHideBed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Straw & Hide Bed
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Sulfur.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.TallGrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.TallGrass.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Thatch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thatch
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.ToolRack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.Toolrack.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.TorchOff.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Extinguished Torch
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Vessel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Large Vessel
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Vine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vine
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgEx.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickIgIn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickMM.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallBrickSed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgEx.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleIgIn.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleMM.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallCobbleSed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallCobble.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgEx.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallRawIgIn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallRawMM.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallRawSed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallRaw.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgEx.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothIgIn.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothMM.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WallSmoothSed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WallSmooth.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodConstruct.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lumber
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodHoriz.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodHoriz2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodHoriz3.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodHoriz4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodHoriz4.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodSupportH.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportH2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Support Beam
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodSupportV.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodSupportV2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodSupportV2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodVert.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.WoodVert2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.WoodVert2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.Workbench.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Workbench
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeLeaves2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Tree Leaves
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.fruitTreeWood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Tree
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Leaves
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.log.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.log2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.planks2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.sapling2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.stoneSlabs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Slab
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.stoneStairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stair
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.stoneStalac.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stalactite
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.terrafirmacraft.tilledSoil2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayRaw.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clay Block
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStained.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClay.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStained2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClay2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayBrick.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedBrick2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayBrick2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayChiseled.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayChiseled2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayChiseled3.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayChiseled4.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedChiseled5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayChiseled5.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayCircle.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedCircle2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayCircle2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPaver.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPaver2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPaver2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPillar.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPillar2.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPillar3.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPillar4.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedPillar5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayPillar5.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayTile.name
fe.protection.place.terrafirmastuff.clayStainedTile2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.StainedClayTile2.name
fe.protection.place.tfcautomatedbellows.BellowsDriver.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bellows Driver
fe.protection.place.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKiln.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Kiln
fe.protection.place.tfcautomatedbellows.PotteryKilnChamber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pottery Kiln Chamber
fe.protection.place.tfcautomatedbellows.SteamBoiler.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam Boiler
fe.protection.place.tfcautomatedbellows.WaterFilter.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Filter
fe.protection.place.tfccellars.CellarDoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cellar Door
fe.protection.place.tfccellars.CellarShelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cellar Shelf
fe.protection.place.tfccellars.CellarWall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cellar Wall
fe.protection.place.tfccellars.Ice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.tfccellars.IceBunker.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice Bunker
fe.protection.place.tfcengineer.tile.DeepFreezer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Deep Freezer
fe.protection.place.tfcengineer.tile.ElectricForge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Electric Forge
fe.protection.place.tfcengineer.tile.Fridge.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.tfcengineer.tile.InductionForge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Induction Forge
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockFruitPress.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Press
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockRoadIgEx.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRoadIgEx.name
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockRoadIgIn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRoadIgIn.name
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockRoadMM.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRoadMM.name
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockRoadSed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockRoadSed.name
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockTallowCandle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.tfcm.blockTallowCandleOff.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Extinguished Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.Alloy_Calculator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Calculator
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.Anodising_Vessel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Anodising Vessel
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.Drying_Mat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Drying Mat
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.Evaporator_Pan.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Evaporator Pan
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.Ore_Cooker.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ore Cooker
fe.protection.place.tfcudarymod.tile.empty.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Empty Block
fe.protection.place.weightingscales.tile.Scale.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Scales
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.flax_plant.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flax Plant
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.gong.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gong.name
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.grandfatherClock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grandfather Clock
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.grindstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grindstone Base
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.loot_chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Loot Chest
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.micro_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sculpture
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.pedestal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Unidentified Pedestal
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.plank_saw.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Saw Bench
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.statue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Statue
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.table_press.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Table Press
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.tikiTorch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tiki Torch
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.treasurePile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Pile
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.weaponRack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.ygcItemShelf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ygcItemShelf.name
fe.protection.place.yegamolchattels.ygcSnowGlobe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow Globe
fe.protection.place.zipline.ClothSheet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE ClothSheet
fe.protection.place.zipline.LeatherBlock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE LeatherBlock
fe.protection.place.zipline.Rope.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.place.zipline.RopeBridge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rope Bridge
